  


EXHIBIT 3.2

  


AMENDED AND RESTATED

  




  


OF

  


LAKELAND INDUSTRIES, INC.

  


(A Delaware Corporation)

___________________________________

  


ARTICLE I

  


STOCKHOLDERS

  


Section 1\. STOCK CERTIFICATES; UNCERTIFICATED SHARES. The shares of the corporation shall be represented by certificates, provided that the Board of Directors may provide by resolution or resolutions that some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock shall be uncertificated shares. Every holder of stock of the corporation represented by certificates shall be entitled to have a certificate, in such form as may be prescribed by law and by the Board of Directors, representing the number of shares held by such holder registered in certificate form. Each such certificate shall be signed in a manner that complies with Section 158 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. Each certificate for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on transfer pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, these Bylaws, applicable securities laws or any agreement among any number of stockholders or among such holders and the corporation shall have conspicuously noted on the face or back of the certificate either the full text of the restriction or a statement of the existence of such restriction.

  


If the corporation shall be authorized to issue more than one class of stock or more than one series of any class, the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights shall be set forth in full or summarized on the face or back of each certificate representing shares of such class or series of stock, provided that in lieu of the foregoing requirements there may be set forth on the face or back of each certificate representing shares of such class or series of stock a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests a copy of the full text of the powers, designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.

  


Within a reasonable time after the issuance or transfer of uncertificated stock, the corporation shall send to the registered owner thereof a written notice containing the information required to be set forth or stated on certificates pursuant to Sections 151, 202(a) or 218 (a) of the

  


* * *

  


General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or, with respect to Section 151 of General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, a statement that the corporation will furnish without charge to each stockholder who so requests the powers, designations, preferences and relative participating, optional or other special rights of each class of stock or series thereof and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions of such preferences and/or rights.

  


The issue, transfer, conversion and registration of shares of stock of the corporation shall be governed by such other regulations as the Board of Directors may establish.

  


Section 2\. FRACTIONAL SHARE INTERESTS. The corporation may, but shall not be required to, issue fractions of a share. If the corporation does not issue fractions of a share, it shall (1) arrange for the disposition of fractional interests by those entitled thereto, (2) pay in cash the fair value of fractions of a share as of the time when those entitled to receive such fractions are determined, or (3) issue scrip or warrants in registered or bearer form which shall entitle the holder to receive a certificate for a full share upon the surrender of such scrip or warrants aggregating a full share. A certificate for a fractional share shall, but scrip or warrants shall not unless otherwise provided therein, entitle the holder to exercise voting rights, to receive dividends thereon, and to participate in any of the assets of the corporation in the event of liquidation. The Board of Directors may cause scrip or warrants to be issued subject to the conditions that they shall become void if not exchanged for certificates representing full shares before a specified date, or subject to the conditions that the shares for which script or warrants are exchangeable may be sold by the corporation and the proceeds thereof distributed to the holders of scrip or warrants, or subject to any other conditions which the Board of Directors may impose.

  


Section 3\. STOCK TRANSFERS. Shares of stock of the corporation shall be transferable in the manner prescribed by law and in these Bylaws. Transfers of shares of stock of the corporation shall be made only on the books of the corporation or by transfer agents designated to transfer shares of stock of the corporation. Subject to applicable law, shares of stock represented by certificates shall be transferred only on the books of the corporation by the surrender to the corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate representing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment or power of attorney properly executed, and with such proof of authority or the authenticity of signature as the corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require. Except as may be otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, the corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to vote with respect to such stock, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been transferred on the books of the corporation in accordance with the requirements of these Bylaws.

  


Section 4\. RECORD DATE FOR STOCKHOLDERS. For the purpose of determining the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or the allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion, or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which

  


2

* * *

  


shall not be more than sixty days nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is necessary, shall be the day on which the first written consent is expressed; and the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

  


Section 5\. MEANING OF CERTAIN TERMS. As used herein in respect of the right to notice of a meeting of stockholders or a waiver thereof or to participate or vote thereat or to consent or dissent in writing in lieu of a meeting, as the case may be, the term “share” or “shares” or “share of stock” or “shares of stock” or “stockholder” or “stockholders” refers to an outstanding share or shares of stock and to a holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of stock when the corporation is authorized to issue only one class of shares of stock, and said reference is also intended to include any outstanding share or shares of stock and any holder or holders of record of outstanding shares of stock of any class upon which or upon whom the certificate of incorporation confers such rights where there are two or more classes or series of shares of stock or upon which or upon whom the General Corporation Law confers such rights notwithstanding that the certificate of incorporation may provide for more than one class or series of shares of stock, one or more of which are limited or denied such rights thereunder; provided, however, that no such right shall vest in the event of an increase or a decrease in the authorized number of shares of stock of any class or series which is otherwise denied voting rights under the provisions of the certificate of incorporation.

  


Section 6\. STOCKHOLDER MEETINGS.

  


(a) TIME. The annual meeting of stockholders shall be held on the third Wednesday of June each year, unless a different date is designated by the directors provided that each successive annual meeting shall be held on a date within 13 months after the date of the preceding annual meeting. A special meeting shall be held on the date and at the time fixed by the directors.

  


(b) PLACE. Annual meeting and special meetings shall be held at such place, within or without the State of Delaware, as the directors may, from time to time fix. Whenever the directors shall fail to fix such place, the meeting shall be held at the registered office of the corporation in the State of Delaware.

  


(c) CALL. Annual meetings and special meetings may be called by the directors or by any officer instructed by the directors to call the meeting.

  


3

* * *

  


(d) NOTICE OR WAIVER OF NOTICE. Written notice of all meetings shall be given, stating the place, date, and hour of the meeting and stating the place within the city or other municipality or community at which the list of stockholders of the corporation may be examined. The notice of an annual meeting shall state that the meeting is called for the election of directors and for the transaction of other business which may properly come before the meeting, and shall, (if any other action which could be taken at a special meeting is to be taken at such annual meeting) state the purpose or purposes. The notice of a special meeting shall in all instances state the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. The notice of any meeting shall also include, or be accompanied by, any additional statements, information, or documents prescribed by the General Corporation Law. Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law, a copy of the notice of any meeting shall be given, personally or by mail, not less than ten days nor more than fifty days before the date of the meeting, unless the lapse of the prescribed period of time shall have been waived, and directed to each stockholder at his record address or at such other address which he may have furnished by request in writing to the Secretary of the corporation. Notice by mail shall be deemed to be given when deposited, with postage thereon prepaid, in the United States mail. If a meeting is adjourned to another time, not more than thirty days hence, and/or to another place, and if an announcement of the adjourned time and/or place is made at the meeting, it shall not be necessary to give notice of the adjourned meeting unless the directors, after adjournment, fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. Notice need not be given to any stockholder who submits a written waiver of notice signed by him before or after the time stated therein. Attendance of a stockholder at a meeting of stockholders shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the stockholder attends the meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the stockholders need be specified in any written waiver of notice.

  


(e) STOCKHOLDER LIST. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city or other municipality or community where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. The stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list required by this section or the books of the corporation, or to vote at any meeting of stockholders.

  


(f) CONDUCT OF MEETING. Meetings of the stockholders shall be presided over by one of the following officers in the order of seniority and if present and acting - the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, the President, a Vice-President, or, if none of the foregoing is in office and present and acting, by a chairman to be chosen by the stockholders. The Secretary of the corporation, or in his absence, an Assistant

  


4

* * *

  


Secretary, shall act as secretary of every meeting, but if neither the Secretary nor an Assistant Secretary is present the Chairman of the meeting shall appoint a secretary of the meeting.

  


(g) PROXY REPRESENTATION. Every stockholder may authorize another person or persons to act for him by proxy in all matters in which a stockholder is entitled to participate, whether by waiving notice of any meeting, voting or participating at a meeting, or expressing consent or dissent without a meeting. Every proxy must be signed by the stockholder or by his attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and, if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the corporation generally.

  


(h) INSPECTORS. The directors, in advance of any meeting, may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors of election to act at the meeting or any adjournment thereof. If any inspector or inspectors are not appointed, the person presiding at the meeting may, but need not, appoint one or more inspectors. In case any person who may be appointed as an inspector fails to appear or act, the vacancy may be filled by appointment made by the directors in advance of the meeting or at the meeting by the person presiding thereat. Each inspector, if any, before entering upon the discharge of his duties, shall take and sign an oath faithfully to execute the duties of inspector at such meeting with strict impartiality and according to the best of his ability. The inspectors, if any, shall determine the number of shares of stock outstanding and the voting power of each, the shares of stock represented at the meeting, the existence of a quorum, the validity and effect of proxies, and shall receive votes, ballots or consents, hear and determine all challenges and questions arising in connection with the right to vote, count and tabulate all votes, ballots or consents, determine the result, and do such acts as are proper to conduct the election or vote with fairness to all stockholders. On request of the person presiding at the meeting, the inspector or inspectors, if any, shall make a report in writing of any challenge, question, or matter determined by him or them and execute a certificate of any fact found by him or them.

  


(i) QUORUM. The holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of stock shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders for the transaction of any business. The stockholders present may adjourn the meeting despite the absence of a quorum.

  


(j) VOTING. Each share of stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote. In the election of directors, a plurality of the votes cast shall elect. Any other action shall be authorized by a majority of the votes cast except where the General Corporation Law prescribes a different percentage of votes and/or a different exercise of voting power. In the election of directors, and for any other action, voting need not be by ballot.

  


Section 7\. STOCKHOLDER ACTION WITHOUT MEETINGS. Any action required by the General Corporation Law to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing,

  


5

* * *

  


setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.

  


ARTICLE II

  


DIRECTORS

  


Section 1\. FUNCTIONS AND DEFINITION. The business and affairs of the corporation shall be managed by the Board of Directors of the corporation. The Board of Directors shall have authority to fix the compensation of the members thereof. The use of the phrase “whole board” herein refers to the total number of directors which the corporation would have if there were no vacancies.

  


Section 2\. QUALIFICATIONS AND NUMBER. A director need not be a stockholder, a citizen of the United States, or a resident of the State of Delaware. The initial Board of Directors shall consist of five persons. Thereafter the number of directors constituting the whole board shall be at least (5) five and no more than (7) seven. Subject to the foregoing limitation and except for the first Board of Directors, such number may be fixed from time to time by action of the stockholders or of the directors, or, if the number is not fixed, the number shall be three. The number of directors may be increased or decreased by action of the stockholders or the directors.

  


Section 3\. ELECTION AND TERM. Commencing with the Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be held in May 21, 1986, the directors of the Corporation shall be classified with respect to the time for which they shall severally hold office by dividing them into three classes, each class to be as nearly equal in number as possible, which classes shall be designated as Class 1, Class 2 and Class 3\. Subject to the provisions hereof, the number of directors in each class shall from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors of the Corporation. The Class 1 directors shall be elected initially for a term of one year; the Class 2 directors shall be elected initially for a term of two years; and the Class 3 directors shall be elected initially for a term of three years. At each annual meeting, the successors to the class of directors whose terms shall expire that year shall be elected to hold office for a term of three years and until their successors are elected and qualified or until their earlier resignation or removal so that each term of office of one class of directors shall expire in each year. Vacancies in the Board of Directors resulting from an increase in the authorized number of directors or the death, resignation or removal of one or more directors, may be filled by the vote of a majority of the remaining directors then in office, although less than a quorum, or by the sole remaining director. Persons elected to fill vacancies resulting from the death, resignation or removal of one or more directors shall hold office until the expiration of the term of the director such person is elected to replace. Notwithstanding the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of directors as possible, in the event of any change in the authorized number of directors each director then continuing to serve as such shall nevertheless continue as a director of the class of which he is a member until the expiration of his current term, or his prior death, resignation or removal. If any

  


6

* * *

  


newly created directorship may, consistent with the rule that the three classes shall be as nearly equal in number of directors as possible, be allocated to one or two or more classes, the Board shall allocate it to that of the available classes whose term of office is due to expire at the earliest date following such allocation.

  


Section 4\. MEETINGS.

  


(a) TIME. Meetings shall be held at such time as the Board shall fix, except that the first meeting of the Board after an election of a class of directors shall be held as soon after such election as the directors in office may conveniently assemble.

  


(b) PLACE. Meeting shall be held at such place within or without the State of Delaware as shall be fixed by the Board.

  


(c) CALL. No call shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been fixed. Special meetings may be called by or at the direction of the Chairman of the Board, if any, the Vice-Chairman of the Board, if any, or the President, or of a majority of the directors in office.

  


(d) NOTICE OR ACTUAL OR CONSTRUCTIVE WAIVER. No notice shall be required for regular meetings for which the time and place have been fixed. Written, oral, or any other mode of notice of the time and place shall be given for special meetings in sufficient time for the convenient assembly of the directors thereat. Notice need not be given to any director or to any member of a committee of directors who submits a written waiver of notice signed by him before or after the time stated therein. Attendance of any such person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when he attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Neither the business to be transacted at, nor the purpose of, any regular or special meeting of the directors need be specified in any written waiver of notice.

  


(e) QUORUM AND ACTION. A majority of the whole Board shall constitute a quorum except when a vacancy or vacancies prevents such majority, whereupon a majority of the directors in office shall constitute a quorum, provided, that such majority shall constitute at least one-third of the whole Board. A majority of the directors present, whether or not a quorum is present, may adjourn a meeting to another time and place. Except as herein otherwise provided, and except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law, the vote of the majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board. The quorum and voting provisions herein stated shall not be construed as conflicting with any provisions of the General Corporation Law and these By-Laws which govern a meeting of directors held to fill vacancies and newly created directorships in the Board or action of disinterested directors.

  


(f) CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING. The Chairman of the Board, if any and if present and acting, shall preside at all meetings. Otherwise, the Vice-Chairman of the

  


7

* * *

  


Board, if any and if present and acting, or the President, if present and acting, or any other director chosen by the Board, shall preside.

  


Section 5\. REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS. Any or all of the directors may be removed for cause by either the stockholders or Board of Directors.

  


Section 6\. COMMITTEES. Whenever its number consists of five or more the Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more of the directors of the corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of any such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board, shall have and may exercise the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation with the exception of any authority the delegation of which is prohibited by Section 141 of the General Corporation Law, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it.

  


Section 7\. INFORMAL ACTION. Any member or members of the Board of Directors or of any committee designated by the Board, may participate in a meeting of the Board, or any such committee, as the case may be, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.

  


ARTICLE III

  


OFFICERS

  


The directors shall elect a President, a Secretary, and a Treasurer, and may elect a Chairman of the Board of Directors, a Vice-Chairman thereof, and one or more Vice-Presidents, Assistant Secretaries, and Assistant Treasurers, and may elect or appoint such other officers and agents as are desired. The President may but need not be a director. Any number of offices may be held by the same person.

  


Unless otherwise provided in the resolution of election or appointment, each officer shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified or until his earlier resignation or removal. Any officer may resign at any time upon written notice to the corporation.

  


Offices shall have the powers and duties defined in the resolutions appointing them; provided, that the Secretary shall record all proceedings of the meetings or of the written

  


8

* * *

  


actions of the stockholders and of the directors, and any committee thereof, in a book to be kept for that purpose.

  


The Board of Directors may remove any officer for cause or without cause.

  


ARTICLE IV

  


CORPORATE SEAL

  


The corporate seal shall be in such form as the Board of Directors shall prescribe.

  


ARTICLE V

  


FISCAL YEAR

  


The fiscal year of the corporation shall be fixed, and shall be subject to change, by the Board of Directors.

  


ARTICLE VI

  


CONTROL OVER BYLAWS

  


The power to amend, alter, and repeal these Bylaws and to adopt new Bylaws shall be vested in the Board of Directors; provided, that the Board of Directors may delegate such power, in whole or in part, to the stockholders; and provided, further, that any Bylaw, other than an initial Bylaw, which provides for the election of directors by classes for staggered terms shall be adopted by the stockholders.

9

  

