Amended and Restated



of

ThermoEnergy Corporation

(As of July 12, 2013)  
  
Amended and Restated By-Laws

of

ThermoEnergy Corporation

ARTICLE 1 - Stockholders

1.1 Place of Meetings. All meetings of stockholders shall be held at such place within or without the State of Delaware as may be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors or the President or, if not so designated, at the registered office of the Corporation in Delaware.

1.2 Annual Meeting. The annual meeting of stockholders for the election of directors and for the transaction of such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting shall be held on the second Tuesday of November in each year, at a time and place fixed by the Board of Directors or the President. If this date shall fall upon a legal holiday at the place of the meeting, then such meeting shall beheld on the next succeeding business day at the same hour. If no annual meeting is held in accordance with the foregoing provisions, the Board of Directors shall cause the meeting to be held as soon thereafter as convenient. If no annual meeting is held in accordance with the foregoing provisions, a special meeting may be held in lieu of the annual meeting, and any action taken at that special meeting shall have the same effect as if it had been taken at the annual meeting, and in such case all references in these By-Laws to the annual meeting of the stockholders shall be deemed to refer to such special meeting.

1.3 Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders may be called at any time by the President or by the Board of Directors. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to matters relating to the purpose or purposes stated in the notice of meeting.

1.4 Notice of Meetings. Except as otherwise provided by law, written notice of any meeting of stockholders, whether annual or special, shall be given not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting The notices of all meetings shall state the place, date and hour of the meeting The notice of a special meeting shall state, in addition, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called. If mailed, notice is given when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, directed to the stockholder at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation.  
  
1.5 Voting List. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare, at least 10 days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held. Such place shall be specified in the notice for the meeting. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time oft he meeting, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

1.6 Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting (or if there are two or more classes of stock entitled to vote as separate classes, then in the case of each such class, the holders of a majority of the shares of such class issued and outstanding and entitled to vote at the meeting), present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of any business of the Corporation.

1.7 Adjournments. Any meeting of stockholders may be adjourned to any other time and to any other place at which a meeting of stockholders may be held under these By-Laws by the stockholders present or represented at the meeting and entitled to vote, although less than a quorum, or, if no stockholder is present, any officer entitled to preside at or to act as Secretary of such meeting It shall not be necessary to notify any stockholder of any adjournment of 30 days or less if the time and place of the adjourned meeting are announced at the meeting at which adjournment is taken, unless after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting Notice of the time and place shall be duly given to all shareholders of record and entitled to vote at the adjourned meeting of any adjournment of more than 30 days At the adjourned meeting, the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting.

1.8 Voting and Proxies. Each stockholder shall have one vote for each share of stock entitled to vote held of record by such stockholder and a proportionate vote for each fractional share so held, unless otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation. Each stockholder of record entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders, or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, may vote or express such consent or dissent in person or may authorize another person or persons to vote or act for him by written proxy executed by the stockholder or his authorized officer, director, employee or agent and delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. No such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from the date of its execution, unless the proxy expressly provides for a longer period.

1.9 Action at Meeting. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the holders of a majority of the stock present or represented and voting on a matter (or if there are two or more classes of stock entitled to vote as separate classes, then in the case of each such class, the holders of a majority of the stock of that class present or represented and voting on a matter) shall decide any matter to be voted upon by the stockholders at such meeting, except when a different vote is required by express provision of law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. Any election of directors of the Corporation by stockholders shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders entitled to vote at the election.

3  
  
1.10 Action without Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, is signed by the holders of outstanding stock entitled to vote having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote on such action were present and voted, and delivered to the Secretary of the Corporation. Prompt notice of corporate taken action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.

ARTICLE 2 - Directors

2.1 General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of a Board of Directors, which may exercise all of the powers of the Corporation except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws. In the event of a vacancy in the Board of Directors, the remaining directors, except as otherwise provided by law, may exercise the powers of the full Board of Directors until the vacancy is filled.

2.2 Number, Election and Qualification. Subject to limitations set forth in the Certificate of Incorporation, the number of directors which shall constitute the whole Board of Directors shall be determined by resolution of the stockholders or the Board of Directors, but in no event shall be less than one. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the number of directors may be decreased at any time and from time to time either by the stockholders or by a majority of the directors then in office, but only to eliminate vacancies existing by reason of the death, resignation, removal or expiration of the term of one or more directors. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders by such stockholders as have the right to vote on such election. Directors need not be stockholders of the Corporation.

2.3 Enlargement of the Board. Except as otherwise provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws, the number of directors may be increased at any time and from time to time by the stockholders or by a majority of the directors then in office.

2.4 Classes; Tenure. The holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, the Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (voting together as a single class) shall be entitled to elect four members of the Board of Directors (the “Series B/C Directors”), which Series B/C Directors shall be subject to removal only by a vote of the holders of not less than sixty-six and two-thirds percent (66-⅔%) of the then-outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, the Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock(considered together as a separate class). The holders of the Common Stock, voting together with the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock, shall be entitled to elect three members of the Board of Directors (the “Common Stock Directors”), which Common Stock Directors shall be subject to removal only by a vote of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock and the Series A Preferred Stock (considered together as a single class). The terms of all members of the Board of Directors shall expire at the next annual meeting following their election to the Board of Directors.

4  
  
2.5 Vacancies. Any vacancy created by the resignation or removal of a Series B/C Director may be filled either by (i) the vote or consent of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, the Series B-1 Convertible Preferred Stock and the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (voting or consenting together as a single class) or (ii) the unanimous vote or consent of the remaining Series B/C Directors. Any vacancy created by the resignation or removal of a Common Stock Director may be filled either by (i) the vote or consent of the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding shares of Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock (voting or consenting together as a single class) or (ii) the unanimous vote or consent of the remaining Common Stock Directors.

2.6 Resignation. Any director may resign by delivering his written resignation to the Corporation at its principal office or to the President or Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event.

2.7 Regular Meetings. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors; provided that any director who is absent when such a determination is made shall be duly given notice of the determination. A regular meeting of the Board of Directors may be held without notice immediately after and at the same place as the annual meeting of stockholders.

2.8 Special Meetings. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be held at any time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, designated in a call by the Chairman of the Board, President, two or more directors, or by one director in the event that there is only a single director in office.

2.9 Notice of Special Meetings. Notice of any special meeting of directors shall be given to each director by the Secretary or by the officer or one of the directors calling the meeting Notice shall be duly given to each director (i) by giving notice to such director in person or by telephone at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, (ii) by sending a sending notice by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic communication or delivering written notice by hand to his last known business or home address at least 24 hours in advance of the meeting, or (iii) by mailing written notice to his last known business or home address at least 72 hours in advance of the meeting. A notice or waiver of notice of a meeting of the Board of Directors need not specify the purposes of the meeting.

2.10 Meetings by Telephone Conference Calls. Directors or any members of any committee designated by the directors may participate in meetings of the Board of Directors or such committee by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation by such means shall constitute presence in person at such meetings.

5  
  
2.11 Quorum. A majority of the total number of the whole Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the Board of Directors. In the event one or more of the directors shall be disqualified to vote at any meeting, then the required quorum shall be reduced by one for each such director so disqualified: provided, however, that in no case shall less than one-third (1/3) of the total number of the whole Board of Directors constitute a quorum. In the absence of a quorum at any such meeting, a majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from time to time without further notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

2.12 Action at Meeting. At any meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present, the vote of a majority of those present shall be sufficient to take any action, unless a different vote is specified by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-Laws.

2.13 Action by Consent. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee of the Board of Directors may be taken without a meeting, if all members then in office of the Board or committee, as the case may be, consent to the action in writing, and the written consents are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board or committee.

2.14 Removal. Any one or more or all of the directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares of stock then entitled to vote at an election of directors, except that the directors elected by the holders of a particular class or series of stock may be removed without cause only by vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of such class or series.

2.15 Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole Board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The Board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members of the committee present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors and subject to the provisions of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it Each such committee shall keep minutes and make such reports as the Board of Directors may from time to time request. Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, any committee may make rules for the conduct of its business, but unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors or in such rules, its business shall be conducted as nearly as possible in the same manner as is provided in these By-Laws for the Board of Directors.

6  
  
2.16 Compensation of Directors. Directors may be paid such compensation for their services and such reimbursement for expenses of attendance at meetings as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. No such payment shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation or any of its parent or subsidiary Corporations in any other capacity and receiving compensation for such service.

ARTICLE 3 - Officers

3.1 Enumeration. The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other officers with such other titles as the Board of Directors shall determine, including but not limited to a Chairman of the Board, a Vice-Chairman of the Board, and one or more Vice Presidents, Assistant Treasurers, and Assistant Secretaries. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers as it may deem appropriate.

3.2 Election. The President, Treasurer and Secretary shall be elected annually by the Board of Directors at its first meeting following the annual meeting of stockholders. Other officers may be appointed by the Board of Directors at such meeting or at any other meeting.

3.3 Qualification. No officer need be a stockholder. Any two or more offices may be held by the same person.

3.4 Tenure. Except as otherwise provided by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, each officer shall hold office until his successor is elected and qualified, unless a different term is specified in the vote choosing or appointing him, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal.

3.5 Resignation and Removal. Any officer may resign by delivering his written resignation to the Corporation at its principal office or to the President or Secretary. Such resignation shall be effective upon receipt unless it is specified to be effective at some other time or upon the happening of some other event.

Any officer may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by vote of a majority of the entire number of directors then in office.

Except as the Board of Directors may otherwise determine, no officer who resigns or is removed shall have any right to any compensation as an officer for any period following his resignation or removal, or any right to damages on account of such removal, whether his compensation be by the month or by the year or otherwise, unless such compensation is expressly provided in a duly authorized written agreement with the Corporation.

3.6 Vacancies. The Board of Directors may fill any vacancy occurring in any office for any reason and may, in its discretion, leave unfilled for any period as it may determine any offices other than those of President, Treasurer and Secretary. Each such successor shall hold office for the unexpired term of his predecessor and until his successor is elected and qualified, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal.

7  
  
3.7 Chairman of the Board and Vice-Chairman of the Board. The Board of Directors may appoint a Chairman of the Board and may designate the Chairman of the Board as chief executive officer. If the Board of Directors appoints a Chairman of the Board, he shall perform such duties and possess such powers as are assigned to him by the Board of Directors. If the Board of Directors appoints a Vice-Chairman of the Board, he shall, in the absence or disability of the Chairman of the Board, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the Chairman of the Board and shall perform such other duties and possess such other powers as may from time to time be vested in him by the Board of Directors.

3.8 President. The President shall, subject to the direction of the Board of Directors, have general charge and supervision of the business of the Corporation. Unless otherwise provided by the Board of Directors, he shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders, and if he is a director, at all meetings of the Board of Directors. Unless the Board of Directors has designated the Chairman of the Board or another officer as chief executive officer, the President shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. The President shall perform such other duties and shall have such other powers as the Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.

3.9 Vice Presidents. Any Vice President shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors or the President may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the President, the Vice President (or if there shall be more than one, the Vice Presidents in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties of the President and when so performing shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the President. The Board of Directors may assign to any Vice President the title of Executive Vice President, Senior Vice President or any other title selected by the Board of Directors.

3.10 Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The Secretary shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as the Board of Directors or the President may from time to time prescribe. In addition, the Secretary shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of the secretary, including, without limitation, the duty and power to give notices of all meetings of stockholders and special meetings of the Board of Directors, to attend all meetings of stockholders and the Board of Directors and keep a record of the proceedings, to maintain a stock ledger and prepare lists of stockholders and their addresses as required, to be custodian of corporate records and the corporate seal and to affix and attest to the same on documents.

Any Assistant Secretary shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the President or the Secretary may from time to time prescribe In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Secretary, the Assistant Secretary (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Secretaries in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties of the Secretary and when so performing shall have all the power of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Secretary.

8  
  
In the absence of the Secretary or any Assistant Secretary at any meeting of stockholders or directors, the person presiding at the meeting shall designate a temporary secretary to keep a record of the meeting.

3.11 Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. The Treasurer shall perform such duties and shall have such powers as may from time to time be assigned to him by the Board of Directors or the President. In addition, the Treasurer shall perform such duties and have such powers as are incident to the office of treasurer, including without limitation the duty and power to keep and be responsible for all funds and securities of the Corporation, to deposit funds of the Corporation in depositories selected in accordance with these By-Laws, to disburse such funds as ordered by the Board of Directors, to make proper accounts of such funds and to render as required by the Board of Directors statements of all such transactions and of the financial condition of the Corporation.

The Assistant Treasurer shall perform such duties and possess such powers as the Board of Directors, the President or the Treasurer may from time to time prescribe. In the event of the absence, inability or refusal to act of the Treasurer, the Assistant Treasurer (or if there shall be more than one, the Assistant Treasurers in the order determined by the Board of Directors) shall perform the duties of the Treasurer and when so performing shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the Treasurer.

3.12 Salaries. Officers of the Corporation shall be entitled to such salaries, compensation or reimbursement as shall be fixed or allowed from time to time by the Board of Directors.

ARTICLE 4 - Capital Stock

4.1 Issuance of Stock. Unless otherwise voted by the stockholders and subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock of the Corporation or the whole or any part of any unissued balance of the authorized capital stock of the Corporation held in its treasury may be issued, sold, transferred or otherwise disposed of by vote of the Board of Directors in such manner, for such consideration and on such terms as the Board of Directors may determine.

4.2 Certificates of Stock. Every holder of stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to have a certificate, in such form as may be prescribed by law and by the Board of Directors, certifying the number and class of shares owned by him in the Corporation. Each such certificate shall be signed by, or in the name of the Corporation by the Chairman or Vice-Chairman, if any, of the Board of Directors, or the President or a Vice President, and the Treasurer or an Assistant Treasurer, or the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary of the Corporation Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile.

Each certificate for shares of stock which are subject to any restriction on transfer pursuant to the Certificate of Incorporation, the By-Laws, applicable securities laws or any agreement among any number of shareholders or among such holders and the Corporation shall have conspicuously noted on the face or back of the certificate either the full text of the restriction or a statement of the existence of such restriction.

9  
  
4.3 Transfers. Except as otherwise established by rules and regulations adopted by the Board of Directors, and subject to applicable law, shares of stock may be transferred on the books of the Corporation by the surrender to the Corporation or its transfer agent of the certificate representing such shares properly endorsed or accompanied by a written assignment or power of attorney properly executed, and with such proof of authority or the authenticity of signature as the Corporation or its transfer agent may reasonably require Except as may be otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the Corporation shall be entitled to treat the record holder of stock as shown on its books as the owner of such stock for all purposes, including the payment of dividends and the right to vote with respect to such stock, regardless of any transfer, pledge or other disposition of such stock until the shares have been transferred on the books of the Corporation in accordance with the requirements of these By-Laws.

4.4 Lost Stolen or Destroyed Certificates. The Corporation may issue a new certificate of stock in place of any previously issued certificate alleged to have been lost, stolen, or destroyed, upon such terms and conditions as the Board of Directors may prescribe, including without limitation the presentation of reasonable evidence of such loss, theft or destruction and the giving of such bond as the Board of Directors may require sufficient to indemnify the Corporation, any transfer agent or registrar against any claim that may be made against any or all of them on account of the alleged loss, theft or destruction of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate.

4.5 Record Date. The Board of Directors may fix in advance a date as a record date for the determination of the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action. Such record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting, nor more than 60 days prior to any other action to which such record date relates.

If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day before the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day before the day on which the meeting is held. The record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law or otherwise is necessary, shall be the day on which the first written consent or dissent is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the registered office of the Corporation shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. The record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating to such purpose.

10  
  
A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

ARTICLE 5 - Indemnification

The Corporation shall, to the fullest extent permitted by Section 145 of the General Corporation Law of Delaware, as amended from time to time, indemnify each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative, by reason of the fact that he is or was, or has agreed to become, a director or officer of the Corporation, or is or was serving, or has agreed to serve, at the request of the Corporation, as a director, officer or trustee of, or in a similar capacity with, another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including any employee benefit plan, or by reason of any action alleged to have been taken or omitted in such capacity, against all expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him or on his behalf in connection with such action, suit or proceeding and any appeal there from.

Indemnification may include payment by the Corporation of expenses in defending an action or proceeding in advance of the final disposition of such action or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by the person indemnified to repay such payment if it is ultimately determined that such person is not entitled to indemnification under this Article 5.

The Corporation shall not indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person unless the initiation thereof was approved by the Board of Directors of the Corporation.

The indemnification rights provided in this Article 5 (a) shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under any law, agreement or vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, and (b) shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such persons. The Corporation may, to the extent authorized from time to time by its Board of Directors, grant indemnification rights to other employees or agents of the Corporation or other persons serving the Corporation and such rights may be equivalent to, or greater or less than, those set forth in this Article 5.

11  
  
ARTICLE 6 - Forum for Adjudication of Disputes

Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation’s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine shall be a state or federal court located within the state of Delaware, in all cases subject to the court’s having personal jurisdiction over the indispensible parties named as defendants. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Article 6.

ARTICLE 7 - General Provisions

7.1 Fiscal Year. Except as from time to time otherwise designated by the Board of Directors, the fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on the first day of January in each year and end on the last day of December in each year.

7.2 Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall be in such form as shall be approved by the Board of Directors.

7.3 Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice whatsoever is required to be given by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, a waiver of such notice either in writing signed by the person entitled to such notice or the duly authorized attorney or such person, or by telegraph, cable or any other available method, whether before, at or after the time stated in such waiver shall be deemed equivalent to such notice. The appearance of such person or persons at a meeting in person or by proxy shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person or proxy attends such meeting for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

7.4 Voting of Securities. Except as the directors may otherwise designate, the President or Treasurer may waive notice of, and act as, or appoint any person or persons to act as proxy or attorney-in-fact for this Corporation (with or without power of substitution) at any meeting of stockholders or shareholders of any other corporation or organization, the securities of which may be held by this Corporation.

7.5 Evidence of Authority. A certificate by the Secretary, or an Assistant Secretary, or a temporary secretary, as to any action taken by the stockholders, directors, a committee or any officer or representative of the Corporation shall be, as to all persons who rely on the certificate in good faith, conclusive evidence of such action.

7.6 Certificate of Incorporation. All references in these By-Laws to the Certificate of Incorporation shall be deemed to refer to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, as amended and in effect from time to time.

12  
  
7.7 Transactions with Interested Parties. No contract or transaction between the Corporation and one or more of the directors or officers of the Corporation, or between the Corporation and any other corporation, partnership, association, or other organization in which one or more of the directors or officers of the Corporation are directors or officers, or have a financial interest, shall be void or voidable solely for this reason, or solely because the director or officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board of Directors or a committee of the Board of Directors which authorizes the contract or transaction or solely because his or their votes are counted for such purpose, if:

(i) The material facts as to his relationship or interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and the Board or committee in good faith authorizes the contract or transaction by the affirmative votes of a majority of the disinterested directors, even though the disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or

(ii) The material facts as to his relationship or interest as to the contract or transaction are disclosed or are known to the stockholders entitled to vote thereon, and the contract or transaction is specifically approved in good faith by vote of the stockholders; or

(iii) The contract or transaction is fair as to the Corporation as of the time it is authorized, approved or ratified by the Board of Directors, a committee of the Board of Directors, or the stockholders.

Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the Board of Directors or of a committee which authorizes the contract or transaction.

7.8 Severability. Any determination that any provision of these By-Laws is for any reason inapplicable, illegal or ineffective shall not affect or invalidate any other provision of these By-Laws.

7.9 Pronouns. All pronouns used in these By-Laws shall be deemed to refer to the masculine, feminine or neuter, singular or plural, as the identity of the person or persons may require.

ARTICLE 8 - Amendments

8.1 By the Board of Directors. These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed or new by-laws may be adopted by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present at any regular or special meeting of the Board of Directors at which a quorum is present.

8.2 By the Stockholders. These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed or new by-laws may be adopted by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares of the capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding, present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote at any regular meeting of stockholders, or at any special meeting of stockholders, provided that notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new by-laws shall have been stated in the notice of any such special meeting.

13
