Exhibit 3.2 



of 

BIG HEART PET BRANDS 

(hereinafter, the “Corporation”) 

Amended in their entirety on April 26, 2011 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office of the Corporation shall be in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware. 

Section 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. 

ARTICLE II 

MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS 

Section 1\. Place of Meetings. Meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors or for any other purpose shall be held at such time and place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

Section 2. Annual Meetings. The Annual Meeting of Stockholders shall be held on such date and at such time as shall be designated from time to time by the Board of Directors, at which meeting the stockholders shall elect a Board of Directors and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting. 

Section 3. Special Meetings. Special Meetings of stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called at any time by the Chairman of the Board or the Board of Directors, but such Special Meetings may not be called by any other person or persons. Business transacted at any Special Meeting shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice. 

Section 4. Notice of Meetings. Notice of an Annual Meeting or Special Meeting stating the place, date, and hour of the meeting and in the case of a Special Meeting, the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given by the Corporation either personally or by mail or by other lawful means not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting. 

* * *

Section 5. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by law or by the Certificate of Incorporation, the holders of a majority in voting power of the capital stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time, place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communications, if any, by which stockholders may be deemed present in person at such adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. If the adjournment is for more than thirty (30) days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting. 

Section 6. Voting. Except as otherwise provided by or pursuant to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, each stockholder entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders shall be entitled to one vote for each share of stock held by such stockholder which has voting power upon the matter in question. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person or persons to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A stockholder may revoke any proxy which is not irrevocable by attending the meeting and voting in person or by delivering to the Secretary of the Corporation a revocation of the proxy or a new proxy bearing a later date. Voting at meetings of stockholders need not be by written ballot. At all meetings of stockholders for the election of directors a plurality of the votes cast shall be sufficient to elect. All other elections and questions shall, unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, these By-laws, the rules or regulations of any stock exchange applicable to the Corporation, or applicable law or pursuant to any regulation applicable to the Corporation or its securities, be decided by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of stock of the Corporation which are present in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon. 

Section 7. Action by Consent. Any action required to be taken at any Annual or Special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any Annual or Special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent shall be given by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented and who, if the action had been taken at a meeting, would have been entitled to notice of the meeting if the record date for such meeting had been the date that consents given by a sufficient number of holders to take the action were delivered to the Corporation. 

Section 8. List of Stockholders Entitled to Vote. The Secretary shall prepare and make, at least ten (10) days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the 

2 

* * *

stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, as required by applicable law. Except as otherwise provided by law, the stock ledger shall be the only evidence as to who are the stockholders entitled to examine the stock ledger, the list of stockholders or the books of the Corporation, or to vote in person or by proxy at any meeting of stockholders. 

Section 9. Organization. At every meeting of stockholders, the Chairman of the Board, if there be one, shall be the chairman of the meeting or, in the case of vacancy in office or absence of the Chairman of the Board, one of the following officers present shall be the Chairman of the meeting in the order stated: the Vice Chairman of the Board, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chief Operating Officer, the President, any Vice President, or, in the absence of any of the foregoing, a Chairman chosen by the stockholders at the meeting shall act as Chairman, and the Secretary, or in his or her absence, an Assistant Secretary, or in the absence of both the Secretary and Assistant Secretaries, a person appointed by the chairman of the meeting, shall act as Secretary. 

Section 10. Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which record date: (i) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders or adjournment thereof, shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting; (ii) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action without a meeting, shall not be more than ten days from the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors; and (iii) in the case of any other action, shall not be more than sixty days prior to such other action. If no record date is fixed: (a) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (b) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action without a meeting when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first day on which a consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and (c) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

3 

* * *

Section 11. Conduct of Meetings. The date and time of the opening and the closing of the polls for each matter upon which the stockholders will vote at a meeting shall be announced at the meeting by the chairman of the meeting. The Board of Directors may adopt by resolution such rules and regulations for the conduct of the meeting of stockholders as it shall deem appropriate. Except to the extent inconsistent with such rules and regulations as adopted by the Board of Directors, the chairman of any meeting of stockholders shall have the right and authority to convene and to adjourn the meeting, to prescribe such rules, regulations and procedures and to do all such acts as, in the judgment of such chairman, are appropriate for the proper conduct of the meeting. Such rules, regulations or procedures, whether adopted by the Board of Directors or prescribed by the chairman of the meeting, may include, without limitation, the following: (i) the establishment of an agenda or order of business for the meeting; (ii) rules and procedures for maintaining order at the meeting and the safety of those present; (iii) limitations on attendance at or participation in the meeting to stockholders of record of the Corporation, their duly authorized and constituted proxies or such other persons as the chairman of the meeting shall determine; (iv) restrictions on entry to the meeting after the time fixed for the commencement thereof; and (v) limitations on the time allotted to questions or comments by participants. The chairman of any meeting of stockholders, in addition to making any other determinations that may be appropriate to the conduct of the meeting, shall, if the facts warrant, determine and declare to the meeting that a matter or business was not properly brought before the meeting and if such chairman should so determine, such person shall so declare to the meeting and any such matter or business not properly brought before the meeting shall not be transacted or considered. Unless and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors or the chairman of the meeting, meetings of stockholders shall not be required to be held in accordance with the rules of parliamentary procedure. 

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS 

Section 1. Number and Election of Directors. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. Each elected director shall hold office until the next Annual Meeting and until his successor is duly elected and qualified, or until his earlier resignation or removal. 

Section 2. Vacancies. Vacancies and newly created directorships shall be filled in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. 

Section 3. Committees. The Board of Directors may designate one or more committees, which committees shall, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors establishing such a committee, have all authority and may exercise all the powers of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation to the extent lawful under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

Section 4. Duties and Powers. The business of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the Board of Directors which may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of 

4 

* * *

Incorporation or by these By-laws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

Section 5. Meetings. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware. Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as may from time to time be determined by the Board of Directors. Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the President or any one director with one day’s notice to each director, either personally or by mail, telephone, facsimile transmission or other means of electronic transmission. 

Section 6. Quorum; Board Action. Except as may be otherwise specifically provided by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, a majority of the entire Board of Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business, and the vote of a majority of the directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the Board of Directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting of the time, place, if any, thereof and the means of remote communications, if any, by which directors may be deemed present in person at such adjourned meeting, until a quorum shall be present. 

Section 7. Actions of Board. Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting, if all the members of the Board of Directors or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in accordance with applicable law. 

Section 8. Telephonic Meetings Permitted. Members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting thereof by means of conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in a meeting pursuant to this By-law shall constitute presence in person at such meeting. 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

The officers of the Corporation shall consist of a President, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other additional officers with such titles as the Board of Directors shall determine, all of whom shall be chosen by and shall serve at the pleasure of the Board of Directors. Such officers shall have the usual powers and shall perform all the usual duties incident to their respective offices. All officers shall be subject to the supervision and direction of the Board of Directors. The authority, duties or responsibilities of any officer of the Corporation may be suspended by the President with or without cause. Any officer elected or appointed by the Board of Directors may be removed by the Board of Directors with or without cause. 

5 

* * *

ARTICLE V 

NOTICES 

Section 1. Notices. Except as otherwise provided herein or permitted by applicable law, whenever notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder, such notice may be given by mail, addressed to such director, member of a committee or stockholder, at his address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Notice to directors may also be given personally or by telegram, telecopier, telephone or other means of electronic transmission. 

Section 2. Waivers of Notice. Whenever any notice is required by law, the Certificate of Incorporation or these By-laws, to be given to any director, member of a committee or stockholder, a waiver thereof, given by the person entitled to notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purpose of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. 

ARTICLE VI 

GENERAL PROVISIONS 

Section 1. Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, may be declared by the Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, and may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time, in its absolute discretion, deems proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for any proper purpose, and the Board of Directors may modify or abolish any such reserve. 

Section 2. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Section 3. Corporate Seal. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words “Corporate Seal, Delaware”. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or otherwise reproduced. 

6 

* * *

ARTICLE VII 

INDEMNIFICATION 

Section 1. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings Other than by or in the Right of the Corporation. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The Corporation shall be required to provide the indemnification described in the immediately preceding sentence in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such person only if the commencement of such proceeding (or part thereof) by the person was authorized by the Board of Directors. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful. 

Section 2. Power to Indemnify in Actions, Suits or Proceedings by or in the Right of the Corporation. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director or officer of the Corporation, or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation. The Corporation shall be required to provide the indemnification described in the immediately preceding sentence in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) commenced by such person only if the commencement of such proceeding (or part thereof) by the person was authorized by the Board of Directors. No indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought or the Delaware Court of Chancery shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the court shall deem proper. 

7 

* * *

Section 3. Costs; Charges and Expenses. Notwithstanding the other provisions of this Article VII, to the extent that a present or former director or officer of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise, including without limitation, the dismissal of an action without prejudice, in the defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 and 2 above, or in the defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, that person shall be indemnified against all costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by that person or on that person’s behalf in connection therewith. 

Section 4. Authorization of Indemnification. Any indemnification under this Article VII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination (i) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, (ii) by a committee of such directors designated by a majority vote of such directors, even though less than a quorum, (iii) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion or (iv) by the stockholders, that indemnification of the director or officer is proper because that person has met the applicable standards of conduct set forth in Sections 1 and 2 above. 

Section 5. Good Faith Defined. For purposes of any determination under this Article VII, a person shall be deemed to have acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, to have had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful, if his action is based on the records or books of account of this Corporation or another enterprise, or on information supplied to him by the officers of the Corporation or another enterprise in the course of their duties, or on the advice of legal counsel for the Corporation or another enterprise or on information or record given or reports made to the Corporation or another enterprise by an independent certified public accountant or by an appraiser or other expert selected with reasonable care by the Corporation or another enterprise. The term “another enterprise” as used in this Section 5 shall mean any other corporation or any partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise of which such person is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer or employee. The provisions of this Section 5 shall not be deemed to be exclusive or to limit in any way the circumstances in which a person way be deemed to have met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII, as the case may be. 

Section 6. Advance of Costs, Charges and Expenses. Costs, charges and expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred by a person referred to in Sections 1 and 2 above in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding (including investigations by any government agency and all costs, charges and expenses incurred in preparing for any threatened action, suit or proceeding) shall be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding; provided, however, that the payment of such costs, charges and expenses incurred by a director or officer as set forth herein in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director or officer to repay all amounts so advanced in the event that it shall ultimately be determined as provided elsewhere in this Article VII that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article VII. No security shall be required for such undertaking and such undertaking shall be accepted without reference to the recipient’s 

8 

* * *

financial ability to make repayment. The Board of Directors may, in the manner set forth above, and subject to the approval of such director or officer of the Corporation, authorize the Corporation’s counsel to represent such person in any action, suit or proceeding, whether or not the Corporation is party to such action, suit or proceeding. 

Section 7. Procedure for Indemnification. Any indemnification under Sections 1, 2 or 3 or advance of costs, charges and expenses under Section 6 of this Article VII shall be made promptly, and in any event, within sixty (60) days, upon the written request of the director or officer directed to the Secretary of the Corporation. The right to indemnification or advances granted in this Article VII shall be enforceable by the director or officer in any court of competent jurisdiction if the Corporation denies such request, in whole or part, or if no disposition thereof is made within sixty (60) days. Such person’s costs and expenses incurred in connection with successfully establishing that person’s right to indemnification or advances, in whole or in part, in any such action shall also be indemnified by the Corporation. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for advance costs, charges and expenses under Section 6 of this Article VII where the required undertaking, if any, has been received by the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this Article VII, but the burden of proving such standard of conduct has not been met shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel and its stockholders) to have made such a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII, nor the fact that there has been an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board of Directors, its independent legal counsel and its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

Section 8. Non-Exclusivity of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or granted pursuant to this Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any By-law, agreement, contract, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or pursuant to the direction (howsoever embodied) of any court of competent jurisdiction or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, it being the policy of the Corporation that indemnification of the persons specified in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII shall be made to the fullest extent permitted by law. The provisions of this Article VII shall not be deemed to preclude the indemnification of any person who is not specified in Sections 1 or 2 of this Article VII but whom the Corporation has the power or obligation to indemnify under the provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law, or otherwise. 

Section 9. Meaning of “Corporation” for Purposes of Article VII. For purposes of this Article VII, references to the “Corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to indemnify its directors, officers, employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or, while a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, is or was serving at the request of 

9 

* * *

such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under the provisions of this Article VII with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as he would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 

Section 10. Survival of Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Section 10 shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director or officer and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such officer or director. The indemnification and advancement of expenses that may have been provided to an employee or agent of the Corporation by action of the Board of Directors shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be an employee or agent of the Corporation and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person, after the time such person has ceased to be an employee or agent of the Corporation, only on such terms and conditions and to the extent determined by the Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 

ARTICLE VIII 

AMENDMENTS 

These By-laws may be altered, amended or repealed, in whole or in part, or new By-laws may be adopted by the majority vote of the entire Board of Directors. 

Entire Board of Directors. As used in this Article VIII and in these By-laws generally, the term “entire Board of Directors” means the total number of the directors which the Corporation would have if there were no vacancies or newly created directorships. 

10 
