EXHIBIT 3.1 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 



OF 

CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC. 

ARTICLE I 

Name

The name of the corporation (the “Corporation”) is Cell Therapeutics, Inc. 

ARTICLE II 

Authorized Capital Stock

1\. Classes. The Corporation shall be authorized to issue two classes of shares of stock to be designated, respectively, “Common Stock” and “Preferred Stock.” The total number of shares which the Corporation shall have authority to issue is Two Hundred Ten Million (210,000,000); the total number of authorized shares of Common Stock shall be Two Hundred Million (200,000,000) and the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock shall be Ten Million (10,000,000). 

2\. Preferred Stock. Shares of Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Shares of Preferred Stock which may be redeemed, purchased or acquired by the Corporation may be reissued except as otherwise provided by law. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is hereby authorized to fix the designations and powers, preferences and rights, if any, and qualifications, limitations or other restrictions thereof, including, without limitation, the dividend rate (and whether dividends are cumulative), conversion rights, if any, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption (including sinking fund provisions, if any), redemption price and liquidation preferences of any wholly unissued series of Preferred Stock and the number of shares constituting any such series and the designation thereof, or any of them; and to increase or decrease the number of shares of any series subsequent to the issue of shares of that series, but not below the number of shares of such series then outstanding. 

(a) Series C Convertible Preferred Stock

Section 1. Designation and Amount. There is hereby established a series of preferred stock of the Corporation which shall be designated as “Series C Preferred Stock” and the number of shares constituting such series shall be 100,000. 

Section 2. Dividends and Distributions. 

(a) Subject to the prior and superior rights of the holders of any shares of any other series of Preferred Stock or any other shares of preferred stock of the Corporation ranking prior and superior to the shares of Series C Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, each holder of one one-thousandth (1/1,000) of a share (a “Unit”) of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, 

* * *

when, as and if declared by the Board of Directors out of funds legally available for that purpose, (i) quarterly dividends payable in cash on the last day of March, June, September and December in each year (each such date being a “Quarterly Dividend Payment Date”), commencing on the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date after the first issuance of such Unit of Series C Preferred Stock, in an amount per Unit (rounded to the nearest cent) equal to the greater of (a) $1.00 or (b) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, the aggregate per share amount of all cash dividends declared on shares of the Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or, with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of a Unit of Series C Preferred Stock, and (ii) subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, quarterly distributions (payable in kind) on each Quarterly Dividend Payment Date in an amount per Unit equal to the aggregate per share amount of all non-cash dividends or other distributions (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock or a subdivision of the outstanding shares of Common Stock, by reclassification or otherwise) declared on shares of Common Stock since the immediately preceding Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, or with respect to the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, since the first issuance of a Unit of Series C Preferred Stock. In the event that the Corporation shall at any time after November 8, 1996 (the “Rights Declaration Date”) (i) declare any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock or (iii) combine outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount to which the holder of a Unit of Series C Preferred Stock was entitled immediately prior to such event pursuant to the preceding sentence shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 

(b) The Corporation shall declare a dividend or distribution on Units of Series C Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2(a) of this Article II, 2(b) above immediately after it declares a dividend or distribution on the shares of Common Stock (other than a dividend payable in shares of Common Stock); provided, however, that, in the event no dividend or distribution shall have been declared on the Common Stock during the period between any Quarterly Dividend Payment Date and the next subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, a dividend of $1.00 per Unit on the Series C Preferred Stock shall nevertheless be payable on such subsequent Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. 

(c) Dividends shall begin to accrue and shall be cumulative on each outstanding Unit of Series C Preferred Stock from the Quarterly Dividend Payment Date next preceding the date of issuance of such Unit of Series C Preferred Stock, unless the date of issuance of such Unit is prior to the record date for the first Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in which case, dividends on such Unit shall begin to accrue from the date of issuance of such Unit, or unless the date of issuance is a Quarterly Dividend Payment Date or is a date after the record date for the determination of holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock entitled to receive a quarterly dividend and before such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date, in either of which events such dividends shall begin to accrue and be cumulative from such Quarterly Dividend Payment Date. Accrued but unpaid dividends shall not bear interest. Dividends paid on Units of Series C Preferred Stock in an amount less than the aggregate amount of all such dividends at the time accrued and payable on such Units shall be allocated pro rata on a unit-by-unit basis among all Units of Series C Preferred Stock at the time 

-2- 

* * *

outstanding. The Board of Directors may fix a record date for the determination of holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock entitled to receive payment of a dividend or distribution declared thereon, which record date shall be no more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for the payment thereof. 

Section 3. Voting Rights. The holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall have the following voting rights: 

(a) Subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth, each Unit of Series C Preferred Stock shall entitle the holder thereof to one vote on all matters submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock or (iii) combine the outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the number of votes per Unit to which holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event shall be adjusted by multiplying such number by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 

(b) Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock and the holders of shares of Common Stock shall vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of stockholders of the Corporation. 

(c) (i) If at any time dividends on any Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall be in arrears in an amount equal to six quarterly dividends thereon, then during the period (a “Default Period”) from the occurrence of such event until such time as all accrued and unpaid dividends for all previous quarterly dividend periods and for the current quarterly dividend period on all Units of Series C Preferred Stock then outstanding shall have been declared and paid or set apart for payment, all holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class, shall have the right to elect two Directors. 

(ii) During any Default Period, such voting rights of the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock may be exercised initially at a special meeting called pursuant to Section 3(c)(iii) of this Article II, 2(b) or at any annual meeting of stockholders, and thereafter at annual meetings of stockholders, provided that neither such voting rights nor any right of the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock to increase, in certain cases, the authorized number of Directors may be exercised at any meeting unless one-third of the outstanding Units of Preferred Stock shall be present at such meeting in person or by proxy. The absence of a quorum of the holders of Common Stock shall not affect the exercise by the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock of such rights. At any meeting at which the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall exercise such voting rights initially during an existing Default Period, they shall have the right, voting separately as a class, to elect Directors to fill up to two vacancies in the Board of Directors, if any such vacancies may then exist, or, if such right is exercised at an annual meeting, to elect two Directors. If the number which may be so elected at any special meeting does not amount to the required number, the holders of the Series C Preferred Stock shall have the right to make such 

-3- 

* * *

increase in the number of Directors as shall be necessary to permit the election by them of the required number. After the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall have exercised their right to elect Directors during any Default Period, the number of Directors shall not be increased or decreased except as approved by a vote of the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock as herein provided or pursuant to the rights of any equity securities ranking senior to the Series C Preferred Stock. 

(iii) Unless the holders of Series C Preferred Stock shall, during an existing Default Period, have previously exercised their right to elect Directors, the Board of Directors may order, or any stockholder or stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than 25% of the total number of the Units of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding may request, the calling of a special meeting of the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock, which meeting shall thereupon be called by the Secretary of the Corporation. Notice of such meeting and of any annual meeting at which holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled to vote pursuant to this Section 3(c)(iii) shall be given to each holder of record of Units of Series C Preferred Stock by mailing a copy of such notice to him at his last address as the same appears on the books of the Corporation. Such meeting shall be called for a time not earlier than 20 days and not later then 60 days after such order or request or in default of the calling of such meeting within 60 days after such order or request, such meeting may be called on similar notice by any stockholder or stockholders owning in the aggregate not less than 25% of the total number of outstanding Units of Series C Preferred Stock. Notwithstanding the provisions of this Section 3(c)(iii), no such special meeting shall be called during the 60 days immediately preceding the date fixed for the next annual meeting of the stockholders. 

(iv) During any Default Period, the holders of shares of Common Stock and Units of Series C Preferred Stock, and other classes or series of stock of the Corporation, if applicable, shall continue to be entitled to elect all the Directors until holders of the Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall have exercised their right to elect two Directors voting as a separate class, after the exercise of which right (x) the Directors so elected by the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall continue in office until their successors shall have been elected by such holders or until the expiration of the Default Period, and (y) any vacancy in the Board of Directors may (except as provided in Section 3(c)(ii) of this Article II, 2(b)) be filled by vote of a majority of the remaining Directors theretofore elected by the holders of the class of capital stock which elected the Director whose office shall have become vacant. References in Section 3(c) of this Article II, 2(b) to Directors elected by the holders of a particular class of capital stock shall include Directors elected by such Directors to fill vacancies as provided in clause (y) of the foregoing sentence. 

(v) Immediately upon the expiration of a Default Period, (x) the right of the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock as a separate class to elect Directors shall cease, (y) the term of any Directors elected by the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock as a separate class shall terminate, and (z) the number of Directors shall be such number as may be provided for in the Articles or by-laws irrespective of any increase made pursuant to the provisions of Section 3(c)(ii) of this Article II, 2(b) (such number being subject, however, to change thereafter in any manner provided by law or in the Articles or by-laws). Any vacancies in the Board of Directors effected by the provisions of clauses (y) and (z) in the preceding sentence may be filled by a majority of the remaining Directors. 

-4- 

* * *

(vi) The provisions of Section 3(c) of this Article II, 2(b)shall govern the election of Directors by holders of Units of Preferred Stock during any Default Period notwithstanding any provisions of the Articles to the contrary, including, without limitation, the provisions of Article III of the Articles. 

(d) Except as set forth herein, holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall have no special voting rights and their consents shall not be required (except to the extent they are entitled to vote with holders of shares of Common Stock as set forth herein) for taking any corporate action. 

Section 4. Certain Restrictions. 

(a) Whenever quarterly dividends or other dividends or distributions payable on Units of Series C Preferred Stock as provided in Section 2 of this Article II, 2(b) are in arrears, thereafter and until all accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions, whether or not declared, on outstanding Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall have been paid in full, the Corporation shall not 

(i) declare or pay dividends on, make any other distributions on, or redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of junior stock; 

(ii) declare or pay dividends on or make any other distributions on any shares of parity stock, except dividends paid ratably on Units of Series C Preferred Stock and shares of all such parity stock on which dividends are payable or in arrears in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of such Units and all such shares are then entitled; 

(iii) redeem or purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration shares of any parity stock, provided, however, that the Corporation may at any time redeem, purchase or otherwise acquire shares of any such parity stock in exchange for shares of any junior stock; 

(iv) purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any Units of Series C Preferred Stock, except in accordance with a purchase offer made in writing or by publication (as determined by the Board of Directors) to all holders of such Units. 

(b) The Corporation shall not permit any subsidiary of the Corporation to purchase or otherwise acquire for consideration any shares of stock of the Corporation unless the Corporation could, under Section 4(a) of this Article II, 2(b), purchase or otherwise acquire such shares at such time and in such manner. 

Section 5. Reacquired Shares. Any Units of Series C Preferred Stock purchased or otherwise acquired by the Corporation in any manner whatsoever shall be retired and cancelled promptly after the acquisition thereof. All such Units shall, upon their cancellation, become authorized but unissued Units of Preferred Stock and may be reissued as part of a new series of Preferred Stock to be created by resolution or resolutions of the Board of Directors, subject to the conditions and restrictions on issuance set forth herein. 

-5- 

* * *

Section 6. Liquidation. 

(a) Upon a Liquidation, no distribution shall be made (i) to the holders of shares of junior stock unless the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall have received, subject to adjustment as hereinafter provided in Section 6(b) of this Article II, 2(b), the greater of either (a) $1.00 per Unit plus an amount equal to accrued and unpaid dividends and distributions thereon, whether or not earned or declared, to the date of such payment, or (b) the amount equal to the aggregate per share amount to be distributed to holders of shares of Common Stock, or (ii) to the holders of shares of parity stock, unless simultaneously therewith distributions are made ratably on Units of Series C Preferred Stock and all other shares of such parity stock in proportion to the total amounts to which the holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock are entitled under clause (i)(a) of this sentence and to which the holders of shares of such parity stock are entitled, in each case upon such liquidation, dissolution or winding up. 

(b) In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine outstanding shares of Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the aggregate amount to which holders of Units of Series C Preferred Stock were entitled immediately prior to such event pursuant to Section 6(a)(i)(b) of this Article II, 2(b) shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 

Section 7. Consolidation, Merger, Etc. In case the Corporation shall enter into any consolidation, merger, combination or other transaction in which the shares of common stock are exchanged for or converted into other stock or securities, cash and/or any other property, then in any such case Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall at the same time be similarly exchanged for or converted into an amount per Unit (subject to the provision for adjustment hereinafter set forth) equal to the aggregate amount of stock, securities, cash and/or any other property (payable in kind), as the case may be, into which or for which each share of Common Stock is converted or exchanged. In the event the Corporation shall at any time after the Rights Declaration Date (i) declare any dividend on outstanding shares of Common Stock payable in shares of Common Stock, (ii) subdivide outstanding shares of Common Stock, or (iii) combine outstanding Common Stock into a smaller number of shares, then in each such case the amount set forth in the immediately preceding sentence with respect to the exchange or conversion of Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall be adjusted by multiplying such amount by a fraction the numerator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that are outstanding immediately after such event and the denominator of which shall be the number of shares of Common Stock that were outstanding immediately prior to such event. 

Section 8. Redemption. The Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall not be redeemable. 

Section 9. Ranking. The Units of Series C Preferred Stock shall rank junior to all other series of the Preferred Stock and to any other class of preferred stock that hereafter may be 

-6- 

* * *

issued by the Corporation as to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets, unless the terms of any such series or class shall provide otherwise. 

Section 10\. Amendment. The Articles, including, without limitation, this resolution, shall not hereafter be amended, either directly or indirectly, or through merger or consolidation with another corporations in any manner that would alter or change the powers, preferences or special rights of the Series C Preferred Stock so as to affect them adversely without the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority or more of the outstanding Units of Series C Preferred Stock, voting separately as a class. 

Section 11. Fractional Shares. The Series C Preferred Stock may be issued in Units or other fractions of a share, which Units or fractions shall entitle the holder, in proportion to such holder’s fractional shares, to exercise voting rights, receive dividends, participate in distributions and to have the benefit of all other rights of holders of Series C Preferred Stock. 

Section 12. Certain Definitions. As used herein with respect to the Series C Preferred Stock, the following terms shall have the following meanings: 

(a) The term “junior stock” (i) as used in Section 4 of this Article II, 2(b), shall mean the Common Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation hereafter authorized or issued over which the Series C Preferred Stock has preference or priority as to the payment of dividends and (ii) as used in Section 6 of this Article II, 2(b), shall mean the Common Stock and any other class or series of capital stock of the Corporation over which the Series C Preferred Stock has preference or priority in the distribution of assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 

(b) The term “parity stock” (i) as used in Section 4 of this Article II, 2(b), shall mean any class or series of stock of the Corporation hereafter authorized or issued ranking pari passu with the Series C Preferred Stock as to the payment of dividends and (ii) as used in Section 6 of this Article II, 2(b), shall mean any class or series of capital stock ranking pari passu with the Series C Preferred Stock in the distribution of, assets on any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE III 

Directors

The number of directors of the Corporation shall be as set forth in the bylaws. The Board of Directors shall be divided into three classes, with the classes to be as equal in number as may be possible. Upon such division, the Board of Directors shall designate the class in which each then current director shall serve for the terms set forth below:   
  
Class

* * *

Term

* * *  
  
Class I

1 year  
  
Class II

2 years  
  
Class III

3 years  
  
-7- 

* * *

At each annual meeting of shareholders thereafter, the number of directors equal to the number of directors in the class whose term expires at the time of such meeting shall be elected to serve until the third ensuing annual meeting of shareholders. 

At a meeting of shareholders called expressly for that purpose, the entire Board of Directors, or any member thereof, may be removed from office at any time, but only (a) for Cause and (b) if the number of votes cast to remove the director by holders of shares then entitled to vote in an election of directors exceed the number of votes cast not to remove the director. For purposes of this Article III, “Cause” shall be limited to (a) action by a director involving willful malfeasance having a material adverse effect on the Corporation or (b) a director being convicted of a felony; provided that any action by a director shall not constitute “Cause” if, in good faith, the director believed such action to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, or if a director shall be entitled, under applicable law, these Articles of Incorporation, the bylaws of the Corporation or a contract with the Corporation, to be indemnified with respect to such action. 

ARTICLE IV 

Shareholders’ Rights

1\. Shareholders of the Corporation have no preemptive rights to acquire additional shares issued by the Corporation. 

2\. Holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive the net assets of the Corporation upon dissolution. 

ARTICLE V 

Voting Rights

1\. Holders of the Corporation’s outstanding Common Stock shall have unlimited voting rights; provided, however, that a simple majority of all votes entitled to be cast by a voting group will be sufficient to approve any (a) plan of merger, (b) plan of share exchange, or (c) sale of assets other than in the usual and regular course of business of the Corporation. 

2\. At each election of directors, every shareholder entitled to vote at such election has the right to vote the number of shares of stock held by such shareholder for each of the directors to be elected. No cumulative voting for directors shall be permitted. 

-8- 

* * *

ARTICLE VI 

Limitation on Liability of Directors

No director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for his or her conduct as a director, which conduct takes place on or after the date this Article becomes effective, except for (i) acts or omissions that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law by the director, (ii) conduct violating RCW 23B.08.310, or (iii) any transaction from which the director will personally receive a benefit in money, property or services to which the director is not legally entitled. If, after this Article becomes effective, the Washington Business Corporation Act is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be deemed eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Washington Business Corporation Act, as so amended. Any amendment to or repeal of this Article shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation for or with respect to any acts or omissions of such director occurring prior to such amendment or repeal. This provision shall not eliminate or limit the liability of a director for any act or omission occurring prior to the date of this Article becomes effective. 

ARTICLE VII 

Amendment of Articles

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in these Articles of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by law, and all rights and powers conferred herein on shareholders and directors are subject to this reserved power. 

-9- 

* * *  
  
Date: May 28, 2004

CELL THERAPEUTICS, INC.,

A Washington corporation  
  
By: /s/ JAMES A. BIANCO   
  
* * *  
  
James A. Bianco, M.D.

President and Chief Executive Officer  
  
-10- 
