EXHIBIT 3.1

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED



OF

STANDARD GOLD, INC.

KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS: That the undersigned, being a natural person of the age of eighteen years or more, does hereby sign, verify and deliver to the Secretary of State of the State of Colorado, these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (referenced herein as the “Articles of Incorporation”):

ARTICLE I

NAME

The name of the Corporation shall be: Standard Gold, Inc.

ARTICLE II

PERIOD OF DURATION

The Corporation shall exist in perpetuity from and after the date of filing of the original Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Colorado unless dissolved according to law.

ARTICLE III

PURPOSES AND POWERS

1\. Purposes. Except as restricted by these Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation is organized for the purpose of transacting all lawful business for which corporations may be incorporated pursuant to the Colorado Business Corporation Act.

2\. General Powers. Except as restricted by these Articles of Incorporation, the Corporation shall have and may exercise all powers and rights which a corporation may exercise legally pursuant to the Colorado Business Corporation Act.

3\. Issuance of Shares. The board of directors of the Corporation may divide and issue any class of stock of the Corporation in series pursuant to a resolution properly filed with the Secretary of State of Colorado.

ARTICLE IV

CAPITAL STOCK

1\. Authorized Capital Stock. The aggregate number of shares which this Corporation shall have authority to issue is One Hundred Million (100,000,000) shares of $.001 par value each, which shares shall be designated “Common Stock”; and Fifty Million (50,000,000) shares of $.001 par value each, which shares shall be designated “Preferred Stock” and which may be issued in one or more series at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Of such authorized shares of Preferred Stock, Ten Million shares of $.001 par value each, with an original issue price of $1.00 per share (the “Original Issue Price”), shall be designated “Series A Preferred Stock.” In establishing a series the Board of Directors shall give to it a distinctive designation so as to distinguish it from the shares of all other series and classes, shall fix the number of shares in such series, and the preferences, rights and restrictions thereof. All shares of any one series shall be alike in every particular except as otherwise provided by these Articles of Incorporation or the Colorado Business Corporation Act.

2\. Dividends. Dividends in cash, property or shares shall be paid upon the Preferred Stock for any year on a cumulative or noncumulative basis as determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors prior to the issuance of such Preferred Stock, to the extent earned surplus for each such year is available, in an amount as determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors. Such Preferred Stock dividends shall be paid pro rata to holders of Preferred Stock in any amount not less than nor more than the rate as determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors prior to the issuance of such Preferred Stock. No other dividend shall be paid on the Preferred Stock.

  


* * *

Dividends in cash, property or shares of the Corporation may be paid upon the Common Stock, as and when declared by the Board of Directors, out of funds of the Corporation to the extent and in the manner permitted by law, except that no Common Stock dividend shall be paid for any year unless the holders of Preferred Stock, if any, shall receive the maximum allowable Preferred Stock dividend for such year.

  


Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, from and after the date of the issuance of any shares of Series A Preferred Stock, dividends at a rate per annum equal to five percent (5%) of the Liquidation Value (as defined in Section 3 hereof) of the Series A Preferred Stock plus the amount of previously accrued dividends, compounding on an annual basis, shall accrue on such shares of Series A Preferred Stock (subject to appropriate adjustment in the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or other similar recapitalization with respect to the Series A Preferred Stock) (the “Accruing Dividends”). Accruing Dividends shall accrue from day to day, and shall be cumulative. The Corporation may pay Accruing Dividends at any time; provided, however, that Accruing Dividends must be paid in full to holders of Series A Preferred Stock upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event (as defined in Section 3 hereof).

3\. Distribution in Liquidation. Upon any liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, and after paying or adequately providing for the payment of all its obligations, the remainder of the assets of the Corporation shall be distributed, either in cash or in kind, first pro rata to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock in an amount equal to the Liquidation Value (as described below); then, to any other series of Preferred Stock, until an amount to be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors prior to issuances of such Preferred Stock, has been distributed per share, and, then, the remainder pro rata to the holders of the Common Stock.

Upon the occurrence of any Liquidation Event (as defined below), each holder of Series A Preferred Stock will receive a payment equal to the Original Issue Price for each share of Series A Preferred Stock held by such holder, plus any Accruing Dividends (the “Liquidation Value”). A “Liquidation Event” will have occurred when:

  


·

The Corporation has an average market capitalization (calculated by adding the value of all outstanding shares of Common Stock valued at the Corporation’s closing sale price on the OTCBB or other applicable bulletin board or exchange, plus the value of the outstanding Series A Preferred Stock at the Original Issue Price per share) of $200,000,000 or more over any 90-day period. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock would have the right, for 30 days after the end of such qualifying 90-day measurement period, to require the Corporation to purchase the Series A Preferred Stock for an amount equal to the Liquidation Value.  
  
·

Any Liquidity Event in which the Corporation receives proceeds of $50,000,000 or more. For purposes hereof, a “Liquidity Event” means any (a) liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation; (b) acquisition of the Corporation by means of any transaction or series of related transactions (including, without limitation, any reorganization, merger, share exchange, share purchase or consolidation) provided that the applicable transaction shall not be deemed a liquidation unless the Corporation’s stockholders constituted immediately prior to such transaction hold less than 50% of the voting power of the surviving or acquiring entity; or (c) the sale, lease, transfer or other disposition, in a single transaction or series of related transactions, by the Corporation or any subsidiary of the Corporation of all or substantially all the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the sale or disposition (whether by merger or otherwise) of one or more subsidiaries of the Corporation if substantially all of the assets of the Corporation and its subsidiaries taken as a whole are held by such subsidiary or subsidiaries.  
  
Written notice of any Liquidation Event (the “Liquidation Notice”) shall be given by mail, postage prepaid, or by facsimile to non-U.S. residents, not less than five (5) days prior to the anticipated payment date stated therein, to the holders of record of Series A Preferred Stock, such notice to be addressed to each such holder at its address as shown by the records of the Corporation. The Liquidation Notice shall state (i) the anticipated payment date, and (ii) the total Liquidation Value available for distribution to Series A Preferred Stock shareholders upon the occurrence of the Liquidation Event.

* * *

4\. Redemption. The Series A Preferred Stock may be redeemed in whole or in part as determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors at any time, at a price equal to the Liquidation Value. Any other series of Preferred Stock may be redeemed in whole or in part as determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors, at any time prior to the issuance of such Preferred Stock, upon prior notice to the holders of record of the Preferred Stock, published, mailed and given in such manner and form and on such other terms and conditions as may be prescribed by the Bylaws or by resolution of the Board of Directors, by payment in cash or Common Stock for each share of the Preferred Stock to be redeemed, as determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors prior to the issuance of such Preferred Stock. Common Stock used to redeem Preferred Stock shall be valued as determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors prior to the issuance of such Preferred Stock. Any rights to or arising from fractional shares shall be treated as rights to or arising from one share. No such purchase or retirement shall be made if the capital of the Corporation would be impaired thereby.

If less than all the outstanding shares are to be redeemed, such redemption may be made by lot or pro rata as may be prescribed by resolution of the Board of Directors; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may alternatively invite from shareholders offers to the Corporation of Preferred Stock at less than an amount to be determined by a resolution of the Board of Directors prior to issuance of such Preferred Stock, and when such offers are invited, the Board of Directors shall then be required to buy at the lowest price or prices offered, up to the amount to be purchased.

From and after the date fixed in any such notice as the date of redemption (unless default shall be made by the Corporation in the payment of the redemption price), all dividends on the Preferred Stock thereby called for redemption shall cease to accrue and all rights of the holders thereof as stockholders of the Corporation, except the right to receive the redemption price, shall cease and terminate.

Any purchase by the Corporation of the shares of its Preferred Stock shall not be made at prices in excess of said redemption price.

5\. Voting Rights; Cumulative Voting. Each outstanding share of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote and each fractional share of Common Stock shall be entitled to a corresponding fractional share on each matter submitted to a vote of shareholders. A majority of the shares of Common Stock entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of shareholders. Except as otherwise provided by these Articles of Incorporation or the Colorado Business Corporation Act, if a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares represented at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the shareholders. When, with respect to any action to be taken by shareholders of this Corporation, the laws of Colorado require the vote or concurrence of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares, of the shares entitled to vote thereon, or of any class or series, such action may be taken by the vote or concurrence of a majority of such shares or class or series thereof. Cumulative voting shall not be allowed in the election of directors of this Corporation.

  


Shares of Series A Preferred Stock shall have no rights to vote on any matter submitted to a vote of shareholders, except as required by law, in which case each share of Series A Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote. Any other shares of Preferred Stock shall only be entitled to such vote as is determined by the Board of Directors prior to the issuance of such stock, except as required by law, in which case each share of Preferred Stock shall be entitled to one vote.

6\. Denial of Preemptive Rights. No holder of any shares of the Corporation, whether now or hereafter authorized, shall have any preemptive or preferential right to acquire any shares of securities of the Corporation, including shares of securities held in the treasury of the Corporation.

7\. Conversion Rights. Holders of Series A Preferred Stock will have no right to convert such shares into any other equity securities of the Corporation. Holders of shares of any other series of Preferred Stock may be granted the right to convert such Preferred Stock to Common Stock of the Corporation on such terms as may be determined by the Board of Directors prior to issuance of such Preferred Stock.

  


* * *

ARTICLE V

TRANSACTIONS WITH INTERESTED DIRECTORS

No contract or other transaction between the Corporation and one or more of its directors or any other corporation, firm, association, or entity in which one or more of its directors are directors or officers or are financially interested shall be either void or voidable solely because of such relationship or interest or solely because such directors are present at the meeting of the board of directors or a committee thereof which authorizes, approves, or ratifies such contract or transaction or solely because their votes are counted for such purpose if:

(a) The fact of such relationship or interest is disclosed or known to the board of directors or committee which authorizes, approves, or ratifies the contract or transaction by a vote or consent sufficient for the purpose without counting the votes or consents of such interested directors; or

(b) The fact of such relationship or interest is disclosed or known to the shareholders entitled to vote and they authorize, approve, or ratify such contract or transaction by vote or written consent; or

(c) The contract or transaction is fair and reasonable to the corporation.

Common or interested directors may be counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting of the board of directors or a committee thereof which authorizes, approves, or ratifies such contract or transaction.

ARTICLE VI

CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY

The officers, directors and other members of management of this Corporation shall be subject to the doctrine of “corporate opportunities” only insofar as it applies to business opportunities in which this Corporation has expressed an interest as determined from time to time by this Corporation’s board of directors as evidenced by resolutions appearing in the Corporation’s minutes. Once such areas of interest are delineated, all such business opportunities within such areas of interest which come to the attention of the officers, directors, and other members of management of this Corporation shall be disclosed promptly to this Corporation and made available to it. The board of directors may reject any business opportunity presented to it and thereafter any officer, director or other member of management may avail himself of such opportunity. Until such time as this Corporation, through its board of directors, has designated an area of interest, the officers, directors and other members of management of this Corporation shall be free to engage in such areas of interest on their own and this doctrine shall not limit the rights of any officer, director or other member of management of this Corporation to continue a business existing prior to the time that such area of interest is designated by the Corporation. This provision shall not be construed to release any employee of this Corporation (other than an officer, director or member of management) from any duties which he may have to this Corporation.

ARTICLE VII

INDEMNIFICATION

1\. The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative, or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation), by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines, and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit, or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit, or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, or conviction or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent shall not of itself create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in the best interest of the Corporation and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

  


* * *

2\. The Corporation may indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in the best interests of the Corporation; but no identification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue, or matter as to which such person has been adjudged to be liable for negligence or misconduct in the performance of his duty to the Corporation unless and only to the extent that the court in which such action or suit was brought determines upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability, but in view of all circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnification for such expenses which such court deems proper.

3\. To the extent that a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation has been successful on the merits in defense of any action, suit, or proceeding referred to in this article or in defense of any claim, issue, or matter therein, he may be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.

4\. Any indemnification under paragraph 1 or 2 of this article (unless ordered by a court) may be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in said paragraphs 1 or 2. Such determination shall be made by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or, if such a quorum is not obtainable or even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or by the shareholders.

5\. Expenses (including attorneys’ fees) incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit, or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit, or proceeding as authorized in paragraph 4 of this article upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent to repay such amount unless it is ultimately determined that he is entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this article.

6\. The indemnification provided by this article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under the Articles of Incorporation, any bylaw, agreement, vote of shareholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise, and any procedure provided for by any of the foregoing, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent and shall inure to the benefit of heirs, executors, and administrators of such a person.

7\. The corporation may purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of the Corporation or who is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee, fiduciary or agent of another Corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust, or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this article.

8\. A unanimous vote of each class of shares entitled to vote shall be required to amend this article.

* * *

ARTICLE VIII

AMENDMENTS

The Corporation reserves the right to amend its Articles of Incorporation from time to time in accordance with the Colorado Business Corporation Act. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Article IV of these Articles of Incorporation cannot be amended in any way without the consent of a majority of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock. Furthermore, the previous sentence of this Article VIII cannot be amended in any way without the consent of a majority of the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock.

ARTICLE IX

ADOPTION AND AMENDMENT OF BYLAWS

The initial Bylaws of the Corporation shall be adopted by its board of directors. Subject to repeal or change by action of the shareholders, the power to alter, amend or repeal the Bylaws or adopt new Bylaws shall be vested in the board of directors. The Bylaws may contain any provisions for the regulation and management of the affairs of the Corporation not inconsistent with law or these Articles of Incorporation.

ARTICLE X

SHAREHOLDER ACTIONS WITHOUT A MEETING

Any action required or otherwise permitted to be taken at a meeting of the shareholders may be taken without a meeting if the shareholders holding not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all of the shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted consent to such action in writing.

  


/s/ Mark D. Dacko  
  
Mark D. Dacko, Secretary  
  
* * *
