Exhibit 3.2



OF

INTERNATIONAL RECTIFIER CORPORATION

A Delaware Corporation

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1. Registered Office. The registered office of International Rectifier Corporation (hereinafter, the “Corporation”) in the State of Delaware shall be located at 2711 Centerville Road, Suite 400, Wilmington Delaware 19808, in the County of New Castle. The name of the Corporation’s registered agent at such address shall be Corporation Service Company. The registered office and/or registered agent of the Corporation may be changed from time to time by action of the board of directors.

Section 2. Other Offices. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places, both within and without the State of Delaware, as the board of directors may from time to time determine or the business of the Corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. Place and Time of Meetings. An annual meeting of the stockholders may be held each year for the purpose of electing directors and conducting such other proper business as may come before the meeting. The date, time and place of the annual meeting may be determined by resolution of the board of directors or as set by the president of the Corporation.

Section 2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of stockholders may be called for any purpose (including, without limitation, the filling of board vacancies and newly created directorships), and may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in a notice of meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. Such meetings may be called at any time by one or more members of the board of directors, the president or the holders of shares entitled to cast not less than a majority of the votes at the meeting or the holders of fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding shares of any series or class of the Corporation’s capital stock.

Section 3. Place of Meetings. The board of directors may designate any place, either within or without the State of Delaware, as the place of meeting for any annual meeting or for any special meeting called by the board of directors. If no designation is made, or if a special meeting is otherwise called, the place of meeting shall be the principal executive office of the Corporation.

* * *

  


Section 4. Notice. Whenever stockholders are required or permitted to take action at a meeting, written or printed notice stating the place, date, time, and, in the case of special meetings, the purpose(s), of such meeting, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than 10 nor more than 60 days before the date of the meeting. All such notices shall be delivered, either personally or by mail, by or at the direction of the board of directors, the president or the secretary, and if mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his, her or its address as the same appears on the records of the Corporation. Attendance of a person at a meeting shall constitute a waiver of notice of such meeting, except when the person attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

Section 5. Stockholders List. The officer having charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall make, at least 10 days before every meeting of the stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at such meeting arranged in alphabetical order, showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least 10 days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

Section 6. Quorum. Except as otherwise provided by applicable law or by the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation, a majority of the outstanding shares of the Corporation entitled to vote, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. If less than a majority of the outstanding shares are represented at a meeting, a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn the meeting from time to time in accordance with Section 7 of this Article, until a quorum shall be present or represented.

Section 7. Adjourned Meetings. When a meeting is adjourned to another time and place, notice need not be given of the adjourned meeting if the time and place thereof are announced at the meeting at which the adjournment is taken. At the adjourned meeting the Corporation may transact any business which might have been transacted at the original meeting. If the adjournment is for more than 30 days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for the adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 8. Vote Required. When a quorum is present, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote on the subject matter shall be the act of the stockholders, unless the question is one upon which by express provisions of an applicable law or of the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question. Where a separate vote by class is required, the affirmative vote of the majority of shares of such class present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting shall be the act of such class, unless the question is one upon which by express provisions of an applicable law or of the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation a different vote is required, in which case such express provision shall govern and

2

* * *

  


control the decision of such question.

Section 9. Voting Rights. Except as otherwise provided by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or by the certificate of incorporation of the Corporation or any amendments thereto, every stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of common stock held by such stockholder.

Section 10. Proxies. Each stockholder entitled to vote at a meeting of stockholders or to express consent or dissent to corporate action in writing without a meeting may authorize another person(s) to act for him, her or it by proxy. Every proxy must be signed by the stockholder granting the proxy or by his, her or its attorney-in-fact. No proxy shall be voted or acted upon after 3 years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A duly executed proxy shall be irrevocable if it states that it is irrevocable and if, and only as long as, it is coupled with an interest sufficient in law to support an irrevocable power. A proxy may be made irrevocable regardless of whether the interest with which it is coupled is an interest in the stock itself or an interest in the Corporation generally.

Section 11. Action by Written Consent. Unless otherwise provided in the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken and bearing the dates of signature of the stockholders who signed the consent, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding shares of stock having not less than a majority of the shares entitled to vote, or, if greater, not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the state of Delaware, or the Corporation’s principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the corporation having custody of the book(s) in which proceedings of meetings of the stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation’s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, provided, however, that no consent delivered by certified or registered mail shall be deemed delivered until such consent are actually received at the registered office. All consents properly delivered in accordance with this section shall be deemed to be recorded when so delivered. No written consent shall be effective to take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within 60 days of the earliest dated consent delivered to the Corporation as required by this section, written consents signed by the holders of a sufficient number of shares to take such corporate action are so recorded. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. Any action taken pursuant to such written consent of the stockholders shall have the same force and effect as if taken by the stockholders at a meeting thereof.

3

* * *

  


ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 1. General Powers. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of the board of directors.

Section 2. Number, Election and Term of Office. The number of directors shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors, which number may be increased or decreased from time to time by resolution of the board of directors. The directors shall be elected by a plurality of the votes of the shares present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote in the election of directors. The directors shall be elected in this manner at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 4 of this Article III. Each director elected shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. Removal and Resignation. Any director or the entire board of directors may be removed at any time, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors. Whenever the holders of any class or series are entitled to elect one or more directors by the provisions of the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation, the provisions of this section shall apply, in respect to the removal without cause or a director or directors so elected, to the vote of the holders of the outstanding shares of that class or series and not to the vote of the outstanding shares as a whole. Any director may resign at any time upon written notice to the Corporation.

Section 4. Vacancies. Vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director. Each director so chosen shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as herein provided.

Section 5. Annual Meetings. The annual meeting of each newly elected board of directors shall be held without other notice than these by-laws immediately after, and at the same place as, the annual meeting of stockholders.

Section 6. Other Meetings and Notice. Regular meetings, other than the annual meeting, of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by resolution of the board of directors. Special meetings of the board of directors may be called by or at the request of the president or vice president on at least 24 hours notice to each director, either personally, by telephone, by mail, or by telegraph; in like manner and on like notice the president must call a special meeting on the written request of at least a majority of the directors.

Section 7. Quorum, Required Vote and Adjournment. A majority of the total number of directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. The vote of a majority of directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the board of directors. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the board of directors, the

4

* * *

  


directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

Section 8. Committees. The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation, which to the extent provided in such resolution or these by-laws shall have and may exercise the powers of the board of directors in the management and affairs of the Corporation except as otherwise limited by law. The board of directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. Such committee(s) shall have such name(s) as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the board of directors. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.

Section 9. Committee Rules. Each committee of the board of directors may fix its own rules of procedure and shall hold its meetings as provided by such rules, except as may otherwise be provided by a resolution of the board of directors designating such committee. Unless otherwise provided in such a resolution, the presence of at least a majority of the members of the committee shall be necessary to constitute a quorum. In the event that a member and that member’s alternate, if alternates are designated by the board of directors as provided in Section 8 of this Article III, of such committee is or are absent or disqualified, the member(s) thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not such member(s) constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in place of any such absent or disqualified member.

Section 10. Communications Equipment. Members of the board of directors or any committee thereof may participate in and act at any meeting of such board or committee through the use of a conference telephone or other communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and participation in the meeting pursuant to this section shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

Section 11. Waiver of Notice and Presumption of Assent. Any member of the board of directors or any committee thereof who is present at a meeting shall be conclusively presumed to have waived notice of such meeting except when such member attends for the express purpose of objecting at the beginning of the meeting to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened. Such member shall be conclusively presumed to have assented to any action taken unless his or her dissent shall be entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless his or her written dissent to such action shall be filed with the person acting as the secretary of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall be forwarded by registered mail to the secretary of the Corporation immediately after the adjournment of the meeting. Such right to dissent shall not apply to any member who voted in favor of such action.

Section 12. Action by Written Consent. Unless otherwise restricted by the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing

5

* * *

  


is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

Section 1. Number. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected by the board of directors and shall consist of a chairman, if any is elected, a president, one or more vice presidents, a secretary, a treasurer, and such other officers and assistant officers as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the board of directors. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, except that no person may simultaneously hold the office of president and secretary. In its discretion, the board of directors may choose not to fill any office for any period as it may deem advisable.

Section 2. Election and Term of Office. The officers of the Corporation shall be elected annually by the board of directors at its first meeting held after each annual meeting of stockholders or as soon thereafter as conveniently may be. The president shall appoint other officers to serve for such terms as he or she deems desirable. Vacancies may be filled or new offices created and filled at any meeting of the board of directors. Each officer shall hold office until a successor is duly elected and qualified or until his or her earlier death, resignation or removal as hereinafter provided.

Section 3. Removal. Any officer or agent elected by the board of directors may be removed by the board of directors whenever in its judgment the best interests of the Corporation would be served thereby, but such removal shall be without prejudice to the contract rights, if any, of the person so removed.

Section 4. Vacancies. Any vacancy occurring in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification or otherwise, may be filled by the board of directors for the unexpired portion of the term by the board of directors then in office.

Section 5. Compensation. Compensation of all officers shall be fixed by the board of directors, and no officer shall be prevented from receiving such compensation by virtue of his or her also being a director of the Corporation.

Section 6. The Chairman of the Board of Directors. The chairman of the board of directors, if one shall have been elected, shall be a member of the board of directors, an officer of the Corporation, and, if present, shall preside at each meeting of the board of directors or shareholders. He shall advise the president, and in the president’s absence, other officers of the Corporation, and shall perform such other duties as may from time to time be assigned to him by the board of directors.

Section 7. The President. The president shall be the chief executive officer of the Corporation. In the absence of the chairman of the board of directors or if a chairman of the board of directors shall have not been elected, the president (i) shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and board of directors at which he or she is present; (ii) subject to the powers of the board of directors, shall have general charge of the business, affairs and property of the Corporation, and control over its officers, agents 

6

* * *

  


and employees; and (iii) shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of directors are carried into effect. The president shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or as may be provided in these by-laws.

Section 8. Vice-presidents. The vice-president, if any, or if there shall be more than one, the vice-presidents in the order determined by the board of directors shall, in the absence or disability of the president, act with all of the powers and be subject to all the restrictions of the president. The vice-presidents shall also perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors, the president or these by-laws may, from time to time, prescribe.

Section 9. The Secretary and Assistant Secretaries. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the board of directors, all meetings of the committees thereof and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings in a book(s) to be kept for that purpose. Under the president’s supervision, the secretary (i) shall give, or cause to be given, all notices required to be given by these by-laws or by law; (ii) shall have such powers and perform such duties as the board of directors, the president or these by-laws may, from time to time, prescribe; and (iii) shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation. The secretary, or an assistant secretary, shall have authority to affix the corporate seal to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his or her signature or by the signature of such assistant secretary. The board of directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his or her signature. The assistant secretary, or if there be more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the board of directors, shall, in the absence or disability of the secretary, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors, the president, or secretary may, from time to time, prescribe.

Section 10. The Treasurer and Assistant Treasurers. The treasurer (i) shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities; (ii) shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation; (iii) shall deposit all monies and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors; (iv) shall cause the funds of the Corporation to be disbursed when such disbursements have been duly authorized, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements; (v) shall render to the president and the board of directors, at its regular meeting or when the board of directors so requires, an account of the Corporation; and (vi) shall have such powers and perform such duties as the board of directors, the president or these by-laws may, from time to time, prescribe. If required by the board of directors, the treasurer shall give the Corporation a bond (which shall be rendered every 6 years) in such sums and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the board of directors for the faithful performance of the duties of the office of treasurer and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of death, resignation, retirement, or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money, and other property of whatever kind in the possession or under the control of the treasurer belonging to the Corporation. The assistant treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant treasurers in the order determined by the board of directors, shall in the absence or disability of the treasurer, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the treasurer. The assistant treasurers shall 

7

* * *

  


perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors, the president or treasurer may, from time to time, prescribe.

Section 11. Other Officers, Assistant Officers and Agents. Officers, assistant officers and agents, if any, other than those whose duties are provided for in these by-laws, shall have such authority and perform such duties as may from time to time be prescribed by resolution of the board of directors.

Section 12. Absence or Disability of Officers. In the case of the absence or disability of any officer of the Corporation and of any person hereby authorized to act in such officer’s place during such officer’s absence or disability, the board of directors may by resolution delegate the powers and duties of such officer to any other officer or to any director, or to any other person whom it may select.

ARTICLE V

RECORD DATES

Section 1. Fixing a Record Date for Stockholder Meetings. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which record date shall not be more than 60 nor less than 10 days before the date of such meeting. If no record date is fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which notice is given, or if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day immediately preceding the day on which the meeting is held. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

Section 2. Fixing a Record Date for Action by Written Consent. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors, and which date shall not be more than 10 days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors. If no record date has been fixed by the board of directors, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, when no prior action by the board of directors is required by statute, shall be the first date on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or an officer or agent of the Corporation having custody of the book in which proceedings of meetings of stockholders are recorded. Delivery made to the Corporation’s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. If no record date has been fixed by the board of directors and prior action by the board of directors is required by statute, the record date for determining stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of directors 

8

* * *

  


adopts the resolution taking such prior action.

Section 3. Fixing a Record Date for Other Purposes. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment or any rights of the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purposes of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted, and which record date shall be not more than 60 days prior to such action. If no record date is fixed, the record date for determining stockholders for any such purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the board of directors adopts the resolution relating thereto.

ARTICLE VI

GENERAL PROVISIONS

Section 1. Dividends. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, if any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum(s) as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve(s) to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or any other purpose and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.

Section 2. Checks, Drafts or Orders. All checks, drafts, or other orders for the payment of money by or to the Corporation and all notes and other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer(s) or agent(s) of the Corporation, and in such manner, as shall be determined by resolution of the board of directors or a duly authorized committee thereof.

Section 3. Contracts. The board of directors may authorize any officer(s), or any agent(s), of the Corporation to enter into any contract or to execute and deliver any instrument in the name of and on behalf of the Corporation, and such authority may be general or confined to specific instances.

Section 4. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall be fixed by resolution of the board of directors.

Section 5. Voting Securities Owned By Corporation. Voting securities in any other Corporation held by the Corporation shall be voted by the president, unless the board of directors specifically confers authority to vote with respect thereto, which authority may be general or confined to specific instances, upon some other person or officer. Any person authorized to vote securities shall have the power to appoint proxies, with general power of substitution.

9

* * *

  


Section 6. Inspection of Books and Records. Any stockholder of record, in person or by attorney or other agent, shall, upon written demand under oath stating the purpose thereof, have the right during the usual hours for business to inspect for any proper purpose the Corporation’s stock ledger, a list of its stockholders, and its other books and records, and to make copies or extracts therefrom. A proper purpose shall mean any purpose reasonably related to such person’s interest as a stockholder. In every instance where an attorney or other agent shall be the person who seeks the right to inspection, the demand under oath shall be accompanied by a power of attorney or such other writing which authorizes the attorney or other agent to so act on behalf of the stockholder. The demand under oath shall be directed to the Corporation at its registered office in the State of Delaware or at its principal place of business.

Section 7. Section Headings. Section headings in these by-laws are for convenience of reference only and shall not be given any substantive effect in limiting or otherwise construing any provision herein.

Section 8. Inconsistent Provisions. In the event that any provision of these by-laws is or becomes inconsistent with any provision of the Corporation’s certificate of incorporation, the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any other applicable law, such provision of these by-laws shall not be given any effect to the extent of such inconsistency but shall otherwise be given full force and effect.

ARTICLE VII

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. Right to Indemnification. Each person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a “proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of Delaware as the same exist or may hereafter be amended (but in the case of such amendment, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said laws permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment) against all costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and losses (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, Employee Retirement Income Security Act excise taxes or penalties and amounts paid or to be paid in settlement and amounts expended in seeking indemnification granted to such person under applicable law, these by-laws or any agreement with the Corporation) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 2 of this Article VII, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was initiated or 

10

* * *

  


authorized by one or more members of the board of directors. The right to indemnification conferred in this Section 1 shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance of its final disposition; provided, however, that if the Delaware General Corporation Law so requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director of officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 1 or otherwise. The Corporation may, by action of the board or directors, provide indemnification to employees and agents of the Corporation with the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification of directors and officers.

Section 2. Right of Claimant to Bring Suit. If a claim under Section 1 of this Article VII is not paid in full by the Corporation within 30 days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has failed to meet a standard of conduct which makes it permissible under Delaware law for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including the board of directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is permissible in the circumstances because he or she has met such standard of conduct, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including the board of directors, independent legal counsel or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has failed to meet such standard of conduct.

Section 3. Non-Exclusivity of Rights. The right to indemnification and the payment of expenses incurred in defending a proceeding in advance of its final disposition conferred in this Article VII shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the certificate of incorporation, by-laws, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise.

Section 4. Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance, at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any such expense, liability or loss, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such expense, liability or loss under Delaware law.

Section 5. Expenses as a Witness. To the extent that any director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation is by reason of such position, or a position with another entity at the request of the Corporation, a witness in any action, suit or proceeding, he or she shall be indemnified against all costs and expenses actually and reasonably incurred by him or her or on his 

11

* * *

  


or her behalf in connection therewith.

Section 6. Indemnity of Agreements. The Corporation may enter into indemnity agreements with the persons who are members of the board of directors from time to time, and with such officers, employees and agents as the board of directors may designate, such indemnity agreements to provide in substance that the Corporation will indemnify such persons to the full extent contemplated by this Article VII.

Section 7. Effect of Amendment. Any amendment, repeal or modification of any provision of this Article VII by the stockholders and the directors of the Corporation shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director or other officer of the Corporation existing at the time of the amendment, repeal or modification.

ARTICLE VIII

AMENDMENTS

These by-laws may be amended, altered, or repealed and new by-laws adopted at any meeting of the board of directors by a majority vote. The fact that the power to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the by-laws has been conferred upon the board of directors shall not divest the stockholders of the same powers.

12

* * *
