Exhibit 3.3

AMENDED AND RESTATED



OF

MECHANICAL TECHNOLOGY INCORPORATED,

AS AMENDED AS OF DECEMBER 13, 2007

The text of the Amended and Restated By-laws of the Company is hereby further amended to read as herein set forth in full:

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

SECTION 1.PRINCIPAL OFFICE. The principal office of the corporation shall be at such place within the State of New York as the Board of Directors shall determine from time to time.

SECTION 2. OTHER OFFICES. The corporation may have other offices, either within or without the State of New York, at such place or places as the Board of Directors may from time to time appoint or the business of the corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETING OF STOCKHOLDERS

SECTION 1. ANNUAL MEETINGS. Annual meetings of stockholders for the election of directors and for such other business as may be stated in the notice of the meeting, shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of New York, and at such time and date as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall determine and as set forth in the notice of the meeting.

If the date of the annual meeting shall fall upon a legal holiday, the meeting shall be held on the next business day. At each annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a Board of Directors and they may transact such other corporate business as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting.

SECTION 2. OTHER MEETINGS. Meetings of stockholders for any purpose other than the election of directors may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of New York, as shall be stated in the notice of meeting.

SECTION 3. VOTING. Each stockholder entitled to vote in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and in accordance with the provisions of these By-Laws shall be entitled to one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be voted after eleven months from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. Upon the demand of any stockholder, the vote for directors and the vote upon any question before the meeting shall be by ballot. All elections for directors shall be decided by plurality vote; all other questions shall be decided by majority vote of stockholders present in person or by proxy and voting either affirmatively or negatively (or if there are two or more classes or series of stock entitled to vote as separate classes, then in the 

1

case of each such class or series, the holders of a majority in voting power of the shares of stock of that class or series present or represented at the meeting and voting affirmatively or negatively on such matter) except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of New York.

SECTION 4. QUORUM. Except as otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy, of stockholders holding thirty three and one-third percent (33 1/3%) of the stock of the corporation entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders. In case a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be present. At any such adjourned meeting at which the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed; but only those stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting as originally noticed shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments thereof.

SECTION 5. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Chief Executive Officer or President or Secretary, or by resolution of the directors.

SECTION 6. NOTICE OF MEETINGS. Written notice, stating the place, date and time of the meeting, and the general nature of the business to be considered, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation, not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting. No business other than that stated in the notice shall be transacted at any meeting without the unanimous consent of all the stockholders entitled to vote thereat.

SECTION 7. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

SECTION 1. NUMBER AND TERM. The number of directors constituting the entire Board shall be not less than three nor more than nine as fixed from time to time by vote of a majority of the entire Board, provided, however, that the number of directors shall not be reduced so as to shorten the term of any director at the time in office, and provided further, that 

2

the number of directors constituting the entire Board shall be six until otherwise fixed by a majority of the entire Board. The Board of Directors shall be and is divided into three classes: Class I, Class II and Class III. Each class shall consist, as nearly as may be possible, of one-third of the total number of directors constituting the entire Board of Directors. The allocation of directors among classes shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors with the term of office of one class expiring each year. Any vacancies in the Board of Directors for any reason, and any directorships resulting from any increase in the number of directors, may be filled by the Board of Directors, acting by a majority of the directors then in office, although less than a quorum, and any directors so chosen shall hold office until the next election of the class for which such directors shall have been chosen and until their successors shall be elected and qualified. Subject to the foregoing, at each annual meeting of stockholders the successors to the class of directors whose term shall then expire shall be elected to hold office for a term expiring at the third succeeding annual meeting.

SECTION 2. RESIGNATIONS. Any director, member of a committee or other officer may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing, and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time is specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chief Executive Officer or President or Secretary. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective.

SECTION 3. VACANCIES. If the office of any director, member of a committee or other offices becomes vacant, the remaining directors in office, though less than a quorum, by a majority vote, may appoint any qualified person to fill such vacancy, who shall hold office for the unexpired term and until his successor shall be duly chosen.

SECTION 4. REMOVAL. Except as hereinafter provided, any director or directors may be removed either for or without cause at any time by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all the shares of stock outstanding and entitled to vote, at a special meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose and the vacancies thus created may be filled, at the meeting held for the purpose of removal, by the affirmative vote of a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote.

SECTION 5. INCREASE OF NUMBER. The number of directors may be fixed by a majority of the entire Board of Directors. The maximum number of Directors may be increased by amendment of these By-laws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors, though less than a quorum, or, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the stockholders, at the annual meeting or at a special meeting called for that purpose. By like vote any additional directors may be chosen to hold office for the unexpired term of such class of directors and until their successors are elected and qualify.

SECTION 6. POWERS. The Board of Directors shall exercise all of the powers of the corporation except such as are by law, or by the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation or by these By-Laws conferred upon or reserved to the stockholders.

SECTION 7. COMMITTEES. The Board of Directors may, by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of two or more directors of the corporation. The board may designate one or 

3

more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member.

Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, or in these By-Laws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation, and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the corporation's property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending the By-Laws of the corporation; and, unless the resolution, these By-Laws, or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock.

SECTION 8. MEETINGS. Regular meetings of the directors may be held without notice at such places and times as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the directors.

Special meetings of the board may be called by the Chairman of the Board, if elected, Chief Executive Officer or by the President or by the Secretary on the written request of any two directors on at least two days notice to each director and shall be held at such place or places as may be determined by the directors, or shall be stated in the call of the meeting.

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

SECTION 9. QUORUM. A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If at any meeting of the board there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is obtained, and no further notice thereof need be given other than by announcement at the meeting which shall be adjourned.

SECTION 10. COMPENSATION. Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors or as members of committees, but by resolution of the board a fixed fee in the form of cash and/or stock-based compensation and expenses of attendance may be allowed for annual board service or attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to 

4

preclude any director from serving the corporation in any other capacity as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefore.

SECTION 11. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting, if prior to such action a written consent thereto is signed by all members of the board, or of such committee as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee.

ARTICLE IV

OFFICERS

SECTION 1. OFFICERS. The officers of the corporation shall be a Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, and a Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors and who shall hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. In addition, the Board of Directors may elect one or more Vice Presidents and such Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as they may deem proper. None of the officers of the corporation need be directors. The officers shall be elected by the Board of Directors from time to time. More than two offices may be held by the same person.

SECTION 2. OTHER OFFICERS AND AGENTS. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors.

SECTION 3. CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER OR PRESIDENT. The Chief Executive Officer or President shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the office of the Chief Executive Officer or President. He shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business of the corporation. He shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders if present thereat, and in the absence or non-election of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business of the corporation. Except as the Board of Directors shall authorize the execution thereof in some other manner, he shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts in behalf of the corporation, and shall cause the seal to be affixed to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed the seal shall be attested by the signature of the Secretary or the Chief Financial Officer or an Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer.

SECTION 4. VICE-PRESIDENT. Each vice-president shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the directors.

SECTION 5. CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER. The Chief Financial Officer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation. He shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the Board of Directors.

5

The Chief Financial Officer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, or the Chief Executive Officer or President, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements. He shall render to the President and Board of Directors at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may request it, an account of all his transactions as Chief Financial Officer and of the financial condition of the corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, he shall give the corporation a bond for the faithful discharge of his duties in such amount and with such surety as the board shall prescribe.

SECTION 6. SECRETARY. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and directors, and all other notices required by law or by these By-Laws, and in case of his absence or refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by and person thereunto directed by the Chief Executive Officer or President, or by the directors, or stockholders, upon whose requisition the meeting is called as provided in these By-Laws. He shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the corporation and of the directors in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him by the directors or the Chief Executive Officer or President. He shall have the custody of the seal of the corporation and shall affix the same to all instruments requiring it, when authorized by the directors or the Chief Executive Officer or President, and attest the same.

SECTION 7. ASSISTANT TREASURERS AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES. Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries, if any, shall be elected and shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them, respectively, by the directors.

ARTICLE V

MISCELLANEOUS

SECTION 1. CERTIFICATES OF STOCK. The Board of Directors may provide that some or all of any or all classes and series of the Corporation’s stock may be certificated or uncertificated. Certificates of stock, signed by the Chairman of the Board of Directors, if he be elected, Chief Executive Officer or President or Vice-President, and the Chief Financial Officer or an Assistant Treasurer, or Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, may be issued to each stockholder certifying the number of shares owned by him in the corporation. Any of or all the signatures may be facsimiles. If shares are uncertificated, a stockholder shall receive a physical certificate of stock only upon written request.

SECTION 2. LOST CERTIFICATES. A new certificate of stock may be issued in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by the corporation, alleged to have been lost or destroyed, and the directors may, in their discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or his legal representatives, to give the corporation a bond, in such sum as they may direct, not exceeding double the value of the stock, to indemnify the corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss of any such certificate, or the issuance of any such new certificate.

SECTION 3. TRANSFER OF SHARES. The shares of stock of the corporation shall be transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof in person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, and upon such transfer the old certificates shall be surrendered to the corporation by the delivery thereof to the person in charge of the stock and transfer books and 

6

ledgers, or to such other person as the directors may designate, by whom they shall be canceled, and new certificates shall thereupon be issued. A record shall be made of each transfer and whenever a transfer shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer.

SECTION 4. STOCKHOLDERS RECORD DATE. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

SECTION 5. SEAL. The corporate seal shall be circular in form and shall contain the name of the corporation, the year of its creation and the words "CORPORATE SEAL NEW YORK." Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

SECTION 6. FISCAL YEAR. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be January 1 through December 31.

SECTION 7. CHECKS. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, agent or agents of the corporation, and in such manner as shall be determined from time to time by resolutions of the Board of Directors.

SECTION 8. NOTICE AND WAIVER OF NOTICE. Whenever any notice is required by these By-laws to be given, personal notice is not meant unless expressly so stated, and any notice so required shall be deemed to be sufficient if given by depositing the same in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the person entitled thereto at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation, and such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day of such mailing. Stockholders not entitled to vote shall not be entitled to receive notice of any meetings except as otherwise provided by Statute. Notice to Directors shall be deemed to be sufficient if given by e-mail to an address or facsimile to a number provided by the Director to the corporation, delivery to an overnight delivery service or depositing the same in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the person entitled thereto at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation, and such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day such facsimile is sent or the day of such mailing.

Whenever any notice whatever is required to be given under the provisions of the law, or under the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the corporation or these By-Laws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto.

7

ARTICLE VI

AMENDMENTS

These By-laws may be altered or repealed and By-Laws may be made at any annual meeting of the stockholders or at any special meeting thereof if notice of the proposed alteration or repeal or By-Law or By-Laws to be made be contained in the notice of such special meeting, by the affirmative vote of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, at any regular meeting of the Board of Directors, or at any special meeting of the Board of Directors, if notice of the proposed alteration or repeal, or By-Law or By-Laws to be made, be contained in the notice of such special meeting.

8
