##### 

Exhibit 3.1



OF

GLOBAL CLEAN ENERGY, INC.

The undersigned, Kristin Dunlap, whose address is c/o Patton Boggs LLP, 1801 California Street, Suite 4900, Denver, Colorado 80202, being at least 18 years of age, acting as incorporator, does hereby form a corporation under the general laws of the State of Maryland having the following Articles: 

ARTICLE I  
NAME 

The name of the corporation (the “Corporation”) is: Global Clean Energy, Inc. 

ARTICLE II  
PURPOSE 

The purposes for which the Corporation is formed are to engage in any lawful act or activity for which a corporation may be organized under the General Corporation Law of the State of Maryland (the “Maryland Code”). In furtherance of the foregoing purposes, the Corporation shall have and may exercise all of the rights, powers and privileges granted by the Maryland Code. In addition, the Corporation may do everything necessary, suitable and proper for the accomplishment of any of its corporate purposes. 

ARTICLE III  
PRINCIPAL OFFICE IN STATE AND RESIDENT AGENT 

The street address of the principal office and registered agent of the Corporation in the State of Maryland is The Corporation Trust Incorporated, 300 East Lombard Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202. The name of the resident agent of the Corporation in the State of Maryland at that address is The Corporation Trust Incorporated. 

ARTICLE IV  
STOCK 

5.1 Authorized Shares. The Corporation is authorized to issue 300,000,000 shares of $.001 par value common stock and 50,000,000 shares of $.001 par value preferred stock. 

5.2 Common Stock. Each stockholder of record shall have one vote for each share of common stock standing in his or her name on the books of the Corporation and entitled to vote, except that in the election of directors each stockholder shall have as many votes for each share held by his or her as there are directors to be elected and for whose election the stockholder has a right to vote. Cumulative voting shall not be permitted in the election of directors or otherwise. 

1 

1 

* * *

##### 

5.3 Preferred Stock. The Board of Directors is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions, to provide, out of the unissued shares of preferred stock, for the issuance of one or more series of preferred stock, with such voting powers, if any, and with such designations, preferences and relative, participating, optional or other special rights, and qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, as shall be expressed in the resolution or resolutions providing for the issuance thereof adopted by the Board of Directors, including, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following: 

(a)

the designation of such series, the number of shares to constitute such series and the stated value thereof if different from the par value thereof;  
  
(b)

whether the shares of such series shall have voting rights, in addition to any voting rights provided by law, and, if so, the terms of such voting rights, which may be general or limited;  
  
(c)

the dividends, if any, payable on such series, whether any such dividends shall be cumulative, and, if so, from what dates, the conditions and dates upon which such dividends shall be payable, the preferences or relation that such dividends shall bear to the dividends payable on any shares of stock of any other class or any other series of this class;  
  
(d)

whether the shares of such series shall be subject to redemption by the Corporation, and, if so, the times, prices and other terms and conditions of such redemption;  
  
(e)

the amount or amounts payable upon shares of such series upon, and the rights of the holders of such series in, the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up, or upon any distribution of the assets, of the Corporation;  
  
(f)

whether the shares of such series shall be subject to the operation of a retirement or sinking fund and, if so, the extent to and manner in which any such retirement or sinking fund shall be applied to the purchase or redemption of the shares of such series for retirement or other corporate purposes and the terms and provisions relative to the operation thereof;  
  
(g)

whether the shares of such series shall be convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of stock of any other class or classes or of any other series of this class or any other class or classes of capital stock and, if so, the price or prices or the rate or rates of conversion or exchange and the method, if any, of adjusting the same, and any other terms and conditions of such conversion or exchange;  
  
(h)

the limitations and restrictions, if any, to be effective while any shares of such series are outstanding upon the payment of dividends or the making of other distributions on, and upon the purchase, redemption or other acquisition by the Corporation of, the common stock or shares of stock of any other class or any other series of this class; and  
  
2 

2 

* * *

##### 

(i)

the conditions or restrictions, if any, upon the creation of indebtedness of the Corporation or upon the issue of any additional stock, including additional shares of such series or of any other series of this class or of any other class or classes.  
  
The powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional and other special rights of each series of preferred stock, and the qualifications, limitations or restrictions thereof, if any, may differ from those of any and all other series at any time outstanding. All shares of any one series of preferred stock shall be identical in all respects with all other shares of such series, except that shares of any one series issued at different times may differ as to the dates from which dividends thereon shall be cumulative. 

5.4 Meeting. Unless otherwise ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction, at all meetings of stockholders a majority of the shares of a voting group entitled to vote at such meeting, represented in person or by proxy, shall constitute a quorum of that voting group. 

5.5 Preemptive Rights. No stockholder of the Corporation shall have any preemptive or similar right to acquire any additional unissued or treasury shares of stock or other securities of any class, or rights, warrants or options to purchase stock or scrip, or securities of any kind convertible into stock or carrying stock purchase warrants or privileges. 

ARTICLE V  
PERPETUAL EXISTENCE 

The Corporation is to have perpetual existence. 

ARTICLE VI  
DIRECTORS 

6.1 Number. The number of directors of the Corporation shall be fixed by the bylaws of the corporation, or if the bylaws fail to fix such a number, then by resolution adopted from time to time by the Board of Directors, provided that the number of directors shall not be more than nine nor less than one. 

6.2 Initial Directors. Five directors shall constitute the initial Board of Directors. The following persons are elected to serve as the Corporation’s initial directors until the first annual meeting of stockholders or until their successors are duly elected and qualify:   
  
Name

Address  
  
  
Kenneth Adessky

2005 – 10th Street, Suite A  
Boulder, Colorado 80302  
  
Earl Azimov

2005 – 10th Street, Suite A  
Boulder, Colorado 80302  
  
John Grob

2005 – 10th Street, Suite A  
Boulder, Colorado 80302  
  
Michael Kron

2005 – 10th Street, Suite A  
Boulder, Colorado 80302  
  
Travis K. Robinson

2005 – 10th Street, Suite A  
Boulder, Colorado 80302  
  
3 

3 

* * *

##### 

6.3 Election. Elections of directors need not be by written ballot unless the bylaws of the Corporation so provide. 

6.4 Bylaws. The Board of Directors of the Corporation is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, or repeal the bylaws of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE VII  
STOCKHOLDER ACTIONS 

7.1 Majority Vote. When, with respect to any actions to be taken by stockholders of the Corporation, the Maryland Code requires the vote or concurrence of the holders of two-thirds of the outstanding shares, or of the shares entitled to vote thereon, or of any class or series, such action may be taken by the vote or concurrence of the majority of such shares or class or series thereof. 

7.2 Written Actions by Stockholders. The holders of common stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors may take action by written consent or by electronic transmission of written consent of the stockholders entitled to cast not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to take such action at a stockholders’ meeting if the Corporation gives notice of the action to each holder of the common stock not later than 10 days after the effective time of the action. 

ARTICLE VIII  
LIMITATION OF LIABILITY 

The personal liability of each director and officer of the Corporation shall be eliminated and limited to the full extent permitted by the laws of the State of Maryland, including without limitation as permitted by the provisions of Section 2-405.2 of the Maryland Code and any successor provision, as amended from time to time, except to the extent: (i) it is proved that the person actually received an improper benefit or profit in money, property or services, for the amount of the benefit or profit in money, property or services actually received; (ii) a judgment or other final adjudication adverse to the person is entered in a proceeding based on a finding in the proceeding that the person’s action, or failure to act, was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty and was material to the cause of action adjudicated in the proceeding; or (iii) otherwise provided by the Maryland Code. Neither any amendment nor repeal of this Article VIII, nor adoption of any provision of these Articles of Incorporation, the bylaws of the Corporation or any statute that is inconsistent with this Article VIII, shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article VIII in respect of any acts or omissions occurring prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. If the Maryland Code is hereafter amended or supplemented to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors and officers, then the liability of directors and officers of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by such amended or supplemented Maryland Code. In the event that any of the provisions of this Article VIII (including any provision within a single sentence) is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or otherwise unenforceable, the remaining provisions are severable and shall remain enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law. 

4 

4 

* * *

##### 

ARTICLE IX  
INTERESTED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 

The following provisions are inserted for the management of the business and for the conduct of the affairs of the Corporation, and the same are in furtherance of and not in limitation of, the powers conferred by law: 

No contract or other transaction of the Corporation with any other persons, firm or corporation in which this Corporation is interested, shall be affected or invalidated by the fact that any one or more of the directors or officers of this Corporation, individually or jointly with others, may be a party to or may be interested in any such contract or transaction so long as the contract or other transaction is approved by the Board of Directors in accordance with the Maryland Code. Each person who may become a director or officer of the Corporation is hereby relieved from any liability that might otherwise arise by reason of his or her contracting with the Corporation for the benefit of himself or herself or any firm or corporation in which he or she may be in any way interested. 

ARTICLE X  
INDEMNIFICATION 

The Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to any and all directors, officers, employees and agents of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by Section 2-418 of the Maryland Code, as the same may be amended and supplemented, unless it is established that: (i) the act or omission was material to the matter giving rise to the liability and was omitted in bad faith or was the result of active and deliberate dishonesty; (ii) the person actually received an improper personal benefit in money, property or services; or (ii) in the case of a criminal proceeding, the person had reasonable cause to believe the act or omission was unlawful. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses provided for herein shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those indemnified may be entitled under these Articles of Incorporation, any bylaw, agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such persons’ official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such directorship, office, employment or agency, and shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. Neither the repeal nor modification of this Article X, or the adoption of any provision to these Articles of Incorporation that is inconsistent with this Article X, shall eliminate, restrict or otherwise adversely affect any right or protection of any such person existing hereunder with respect to any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal, modification or adoption of an inconsistent provision. 

5 

5 

* * *

##### 

ARTICLE XI  
AMENDMENTS 

The Corporation reserves the right to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in these Articles of Incorporation, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights conferred upon stockholders herein are granted subject to this reservation. 

ARTICLE XII  
MARYLAND BUSINESS COMBINATIONS ACT 

Notwithstanding any other provision of these Articles or the Bylaws, Sections 3-601 through 3-605 of the Maryland Code (or any successor statutes) shall not apply to any combination between the Corporation and any interested stockholder of the Corporation. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, I have signed these Articles of Incorporation and acknowledge the same to be my act on this 8th day of November 2007.   
  
Kristin Dunlap, Incorporator  
  
The Corporation Trust Incorporated consents to being named as the Resident Agent for Global Clean Energy, Inc., a Maryland corporation, in this document. 

The Corporation Trust Incorporated 

By: 

Filing party’s return address: 

Kristin Dunlap   
c/o Patton Boggs LLP   
1801 California Street   
Suite 4900   
Denver, CO 80202 

****** 

6 

5 
