Exhibit 3.2 



OF 

BECKMAN COULTER, INC. 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

SECTION 1.1. Registered Office. The registered office of Beckman Coulter, Inc. (the “Corporation”) shall be established and maintained at the office of National Registered Agents, Inc., 160 Greentree Drive, Suite 101, in the City of Dover, County of Kent, Delaware 19904, and said National Registered Agents, Inc. shall be the registered agent of the Corporation in charge thereof. 

SECTION 1.2. Other Offices. The Corporation may have other offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the Board of Directors may from time to time select or the business of the Corporation may require. 

SECTION 1.3. Books and Records. The books and records of the Corporation may be kept outside the state of Delaware at such place or places as the Board of Directors may from time to time be designated by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE II 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

SECTION 2.1. Annual Meetings. Annual meetings of stockholders for the election of directors, and for such other business as may be stated in the notice of the meeting, shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall determine and as set forth in the notice of the meeting. If the Board of Directors fails so to determine the time, date and place of meeting, the annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at the registered office of the Corporation on the first Tuesday in April. If the date of the annual meeting shall fall upon a legal holiday, the meeting shall be held on the next succeeding business day. At each annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a Board of Directors and they may transact such other corporate business as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting. 

SECTION 2.2. Special Meetings. Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the Chairman of the Board, the President or the Secretary, or by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

* * *

SECTION 2.3. Voting. Each stockholder entitled to vote in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation and these By-Laws may vote in person or by proxy, but no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date unless such proxy provides for a longer period. All elections for directors shall be decided by plurality vote; all other questions shall be decided by majority vote except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware. 

A complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of each, and the number of shares held by each, shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is entitled to be present. 

SECTION 2.4. Quorum. Except as otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or by these By-Laws, the presence, in person or by proxy, of stockholders holding shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders. In case a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be present. The presiding officer of the meeting or a majority of the shares so represented may adjourn or postpone the meeting from time to time, whether or not there is such a quorum. No notice of the time and place of adjourned or postponed meetings need be given except as required by law. At any such adjourned meeting at which the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be represented, any business may be transacted that might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed; but only those stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting as originally noticed shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments thereof. 

SECTION 2.5. Notice Of Meetings. Written notice, stating the place, date and time of the meeting, and the general nature of the business to be considered, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat, at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting. If mailed, such notice shall be deemed to be delivered when deposited in the United States mail with postage thereon prepaid, addressed to the stockholder at his or her address as it appears on the stock transfer books of the Corporation. Such further notice shall be given as may be required by law. Only such business shall be conducted at a special meeting of stockholders as shall have been brought before the meeting pursuant to the Corporation’s notice of meeting. Meetings may be held without notice if all stockholders entitled to vote are present, or if notice is waived by those not present in accordance with Section 6.4 of these Bylaws. Any previously scheduled meeting of the stockholders may be postponed, and any special meeting of the stockholders may be cancelled, by resolution of the Board of Directors upon public notice given prior to the date previously scheduled for such meeting of stockholders. 

-2- 

* * *

SECTION 2.6. Action Without Meeting. Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, any action required or permitted to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. 

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS 

SECTION 3.1. Number And Term. The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed under the direction of a Board of Directors which shall consist of not less than two persons. The exact number of directors shall initially be two and may thereafter be fixed from time to time by the Board of Directors. Directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of stockholders and each director shall be elected to serve until his or her successor shall be elected and shall qualify. A director need not be a stockholder. In addition to the powers and authorities by these Bylaws expressly conferred upon it, the Board of Directors may exercise all such powers of the Corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws required to be exercised or done by the stockholders. 

SECTION 3.2. Resignations. Any director may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing, and shall take effect at the time specified therein, and if no time be specified, at the time of its receipt by the Chairman of the Board, the President or the Secretary. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

SECTION 3.3. Vacancies. If the office of any director becomes vacant, the remaining directors in the office, though less than a quorum, by a majority vote, may appoint any qualified person to fill such vacancy, who shall hold office for the unexpired term and until his or her successor shall be duly chosen. If the office of any director becomes vacant and there are no remaining directors, the stockholders, by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation, at a special meeting called for such purpose, may appoint any qualified person to fill such vacancy. 

SECTION 3.4. Removal. Except as hereinafter provided, any director or directors may be removed either for or without cause at any time by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the voting power entitled to vote for the election of directors, at an annual meeting or a special meeting called for the purpose, and the vacancy thus created may be filled, at such meeting, by the affirmative vote of holders of shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation. 

-3- 

* * *

SECTION 3.5. Committees. The Board of Directors may, by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the whole Board of Directors, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more directors of the Corporation. 

Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors, or in these By-Laws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, and may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it. 

SECTION 3.6. Meetings. The newly elected directors may hold their first meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of business, if a quorum be present, immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders; or the time and place of such meeting may be fixed by consent of all the Directors. 

Regular meetings of the Board of Directors may be held without notice at such places and times as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the Chairman of the Board or the President, or by the Secretary on the written request of any director, on at least one day’s notice to each director (except that notice to any director may be waived in writing by such director) and shall be held at such place or places as may be determined by the Board of Directors, or as shall be stated in the call of the meeting. 

Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in any meeting of the Board of Directors or any committee thereof by means of a conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

SECTION 3.7. Quorum. A majority of the Directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If at any meeting of the Board of Directors there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is obtained, and no further notice thereof need be given other than by announcement at the meeting which shall be so adjourned. The vote of the majority of the Directors present at a meeting at which a quorum is present shall be the act of the Board of Directors unless the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or these By-Laws shall require the vote of a greater number. 

SECTION 3.8. Compensation. The Board of Directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. 

SECTION 3.9. Action Without Meeting. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if a written consent thereto is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or of such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or such committee. 

-4- 

* * *

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

SECTION 4.1. Officers. The officers of the Corporation shall be a Chairman of the Board, a President, one or more Vice Presidents, a Treasurer and a Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors and shall hold office until their successors are duly elected and qualified. In addition, the Board of Directors may elect such Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as they may deem proper. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 4.2. Chairman of the Board. The Chairman of the Board shall be the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and shall have and perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. The Chairman of the Board shall have the power to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts on behalf of the Corporation, and to cause the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed the seal shall be attested to by the signature of the Secretary or the Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer. 

SECTION 4.3. President. The President shall be the Chief Operating Officer of the Corporation. He or she shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the office of President of a corporation. The President shall have the power to execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts on behalf of the Corporation, and to cause the seal to be affixed to any instrument requiring it, and when so affixed the seal shall be attested to by the signature of the Secretary or the Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer. 

SECTION 4.4. Vice Presidents. Each Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 4.5. Treasurer. The Treasurer shall be the Chief Financial Officer of the Corporation. He or she shall have the custody of the Corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation. He or she shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of Directors. He or she shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board, or the President, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements. He or she shall render to the Chairman of the Board, the President and Board of Directors at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may request it, an account of all his or her transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation. If required by the Board of Directors, he or she shall give the Corporation a bond for the faithful discharge of his or her duties in such amount and with such surety as the Board of Directors shall prescribe. 

-5- 

* * *

SECTION 4.6. Secretary. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and of the Board of Directors and all other notices required by law or by these By-Laws, and in case of his or her absence or refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by any person thereunto directed by the Chairman of the Board or the President, or by the Board of Directors, upon whose request the meeting is called as provided in these By-Laws. He or she shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Board of Directors, any committees thereof and the stockholders of the Corporation in a book to be kept for that purpose, and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the President. He or she shall have the custody of the seal of the Corporation and shall affix the same to all instruments requiring it, when authorized by the Board of Directors, the Chairman of the Board or the President, and attest to the same. 

SECTION 4.7. Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries. Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries, if any, shall be elected and shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them, respectively, by the Board of Directors. 

ARTICLE V 

INDEMNIFICATION 

SECTION 5.1. Indemnification. 

(A) Each person who was or is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is involved in any action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (hereinafter a “proceeding”), by reason of the fact that he or she, or a person of whom he or she is the legal representative, is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, including service with respect to employee benefit plans, whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended (but, in the case of any such amendment, to the fullest extent permitted by law, only to the extent that such amendment permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights than said law permitted the Corporation to provide prior to such amendment), against all expense, liability and loss (including attorneys’ fees, judgments, fines, amounts paid or to be paid in settlement, and excise taxes or penalties arising under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974) reasonably incurred or suffered by such person in connection therewith, and such indemnification shall continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators; provided, however, that, except as provided in paragraph (b) hereof, the Corporation shall indemnify any such person seeking indemnification in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such person only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article V shall be a contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the Corporation the expenses incurred in defending any such proceeding in advance 

-6- 

* * *

of its final disposition; provided, however, that, if the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware requires, the payment of such expenses incurred by a director or officer in his or her capacity as a director or officer (and not in any other capacity in which service was or is rendered by such person while a director or officer, including, without limitation, service to an employee benefit plan) in advance of the final disposition of a proceeding, shall be made only upon delivery to the Corporation of an undertaking, by or on behalf of such director or officer, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined that such director or officer is not entitled to be indemnified under this Article V or otherwise. The right to indemnification conferred in this Article V shall include any claim made against the lawful spouse (whether such status is derived by reason of statutory law, common law or otherwise of any applicable jurisdiction in the world) of a director or officer for claims arising solely out of his or her capacity as the spouse of a director or officer, including such claims that seek damages recoverable from marital community property, property jointly held by the director or officer and the spouse, or property transferred from the director or officer to the spouse; provided, however, that this right shall not include any claim for any actual or alleged wrongful act of the spouse and that this right of indemnification shall apply only to actual or alleged wrongful acts of a director or officer. The Corporation may, by action of the Board, provide indemnification to employees and agents of the Corporation with the same scope and effect as the foregoing indemnification of directors and officers. 

(B) If a claim under this Article V is not paid in full by the Corporation within thirty (30) days after a written claim has been received by the Corporation, the claimant may at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to recover the unpaid amount of the claim and, if successful in whole or in part, the claimant shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting such claim. It shall be a defense to any such action (other than an action brought to enforce a claim for expenses incurred in defending any proceeding in advance of its final disposition where the required undertaking, if any is required, has been tendered to the Corporation) that the claimant has not met the standards of conduct which make it permissible under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware for the Corporation to indemnify the claimant for the amount claimed, but the burden of proving such defense shall be on the Corporation. Neither the failure of the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) to have made a determination prior to the commencement of such action that indemnification of the claimant is proper in the circumstances because he or she has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, nor an actual determination by the Corporation (including its Board, independent legal counsel, or its stockholders) that the claimant has not met such applicable standard of conduct, shall be a defense to the action or create a presumption that the claimant has not met the applicable standard of conduct. 

SECTION 5.2. Non-Exclusivity. No provision of this Article V is intended to be construed as limiting, prohibiting, denying or abrogating any of the general or specific powers or rights conferred by the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware upon the Corporation to furnish, or upon any court to award, such indemnification, or indemnification as otherwise authorized pursuant to the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware or any other law now or hereafter in effect. The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Article V shall not be exclusive of any other right which any person may have or hereafter acquire under any statute, provision of the Certificate of Incorporation, by-law, agreement, vote of stockholders or 

-7- 

* * *

disinterested directors or otherwise. The rights conferred upon indemnitees in this Article V shall be contract rights. Any amendment, alteration or repeal of this Article V that adversely affects any right of an indemnitee or its successors shall be prospective only and shall not limit or eliminate any such right with respect to any proceeding involving any occurrence or alleged occurrence of any action or omission to act that took place prior to such amendment or repeal. 

SECTION 5.3. Insurance. The Board of Directors of the Corporation may, in its discretion, authorize the Corporation to purchase and maintain insurance for itself and on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any expense, liability or loss asserted against it or such person or incurred by such person in any such capacity, or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the foregoing paragraph of this Article V or under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. 

SECTION 5.4. Limitation on Liability. To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, a director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware. If the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware is amended to authorize corporate action further eliminating or limiting the personal liability of directors, then the liability of a director of the Corporation shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended, automatically without the necessity of any action by the Corporation or any person. Any repeal or modification of this provision shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing at the time of such repeal or modification. 

ARTICLE VI 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 6.1. Certificates of Stock; Uncertificated Shares. A certificate of stock shall be issued to each stockholder certifying the number of shares owned by such stockholder in the Corporation. Certificates of stock of the Corporation shall be of such form and device as the Board of Directors may from time to time determine. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Board of Directors of the Corporation may provide for and authorize the issue of some or all of any or all classes or series of its stock without certificates as uncertificated shares. 

SECTION 6.2. Lost Certificates. A new certificate of stock may be issued in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by the Corporation, alleged to have been lost or destroyed, and the Board of Directors may, in its discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or such owner’s legal representatives, to give the Corporation a bond, in such sum as they may direct, not exceeding double the value of the stock, to indemnify the Corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss of any such certificate, or the issuance of any such new certificate. 

-8- 

* * *

SECTION 6.3. Transfer of Shares. The shares of stock of the Corporation shall be transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof in person or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, and upon such transfer the old certificates shall be surrendered to the Corporation by the delivery thereof to the person in charge of the stock and transfer books and ledgers, or to such other person as the Board of Directors may designate, by whom they shall be cancelled, and new certificates (or uncertificated shares) shall thereupon be issued. A record shall be made of each transfer and whenever a transfer shall be made for collateral security, and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer. 

SECTION 6.4. Stockholders Record Date. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors and which record date: (1) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to vote at any meeting of stockholders or adjournment thereof, shall, unless otherwise required by law, not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting; (2) in the case of determination of stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, shall not be more than ten days from the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the Board of Directors; and (3) in the case of any other action, shall not be more than sixty days prior to such other action. If no record date is fixed: (1) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall be at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which notice is given, or, if notice is waived, at the close of business on the day next preceding the day on which the meeting is held; (2) the record date for determining stockholders entitled to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting when no prior action of the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be the first day on which a signed written consent setting forth the action taken or proposed to be taken is delivered to the Corporation in accordance with applicable law, or, if prior action by the Board of Directors is required by law, shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution taking such prior action; and (3) the record date for determining stockholders for any other purpose shall be at the close of business on the day on which the Board of Directors adopts the resolution relating thereto. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

SECTION 6.5. Dividends. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, the Board of Directors may, out of funds legally available therefor at any regular or special meeting, declare dividends upon stock of the Corporation as and when they deem appropriate. Before declaring any dividend there may be set apart out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends, such sum or sums as the Board of Directors from time to time in their discretion deem proper for working capital or as a reserve fund to meet contingencies or for equalizing dividends or for such other purposes as the Board of Directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the Corporation. 

-9- 

* * *

SECTION 6.6. Seal. The corporate seal of the Corporation shall be in such form as shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise imprinted upon the subject document or paper. 

SECTION 6.7. Fiscal Year. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall begin on January 1 and end on December 31. 

SECTION 6.8. Checks. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers, or agent or agents, of the Corporation, and in such manner as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 6.9. Notice and Waiver of Notice. Whenever any notice is required to be given under these By-Laws, personal notice is not required unless expressly so stated, and any notice so required shall be deemed to be sufficient if given by depositing the same in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the person entitled thereto at his or her address as it appears on the records of the Corporation, and such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day of such mailing. Stockholders not entitled to vote shall not be entitled to receive notice of any meetings except as otherwise provided by law. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of any law, or under the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation or of these By-Laws, a waiver thereof, in writing and signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to such required notice. 

ARTICLE VII 

AMENDMENTS 

These By-Laws may be altered, amended or repealed at any annual meeting of the stockholders (or at any special meeting thereof if notice of such proposed alteration, amendment or repeal to be considered is contained in the notice of such special meeting) by the affirmative vote of the holders of shares constituting a majority of the voting power of the Corporation. Except as otherwise provided in the Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, the Board of Directors may by majority vote of those present at any meeting at which a quorum is present alter, amend or repeal these By-Laws, or enact such other By-Laws as in their judgment may be advisable for the regulation and conduct of the affairs of the Corporation. 

-10- 
