Exhibit 3.2 

AMENDED AND RESTATED 



OF 

ISTA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

ARTICLE I 

OFFICES 

SECTION 1. REGISTERED OFFICE. The registered office shall be established and maintained at the office of Corporation Service Company, in the City of Wilmington, in the County of New Castle, in the State of Delaware, and said company shall be the registered agent of this corporation. 

SECTION 2. OTHER OFFICES. The corporation may have other offices, either within or without the State of Delaware, at such place or places as the board of directors of the corporation (the “Board of Directors”) may from time to time appoint or the business of the corporation may require. 

ARTICLE II 

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS 

SECTION 1. ANNUAL MEETINGS. Annual meetings of stockholders for the election of directors, and for such other business as may be stated in the notice of the meeting, shall be held at such place, either within or without the State of Delaware, and at such time and date as the Board of Directors, by resolution, shall determine and as set forth in the notice of the meeting. 

If the date of the annual meeting shall fall upon a legal holiday, the meeting shall be held on the next business day. At each annual meeting, the stockholders entitled to vote shall elect a Board of Directors and they may transact such other corporate business as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting. 

SECTION 2. OTHER MEETINGS. Meetings of stockholders for any purpose may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in the notice of meeting. 

SECTION 3. VOTING. (a) Each stockholder entitled to vote in accordance with the terms of the Certificate of Incorporation and in accordance with the provisions of these Bylaws shall be entitled to one vote, in person or by proxy, for each share of stock entitled to vote held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be voted after three years from its date unless 

* * *

such proxy provides for a longer period. Upon the demand of any stockholder, the vote for directors and the vote upon any question before the meeting shall be by ballot. All elections for directors shall be decided by plurality vote; all questions shall be decided by majority vote except as otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation or the laws of the State of Delaware. 

(b) A complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the ensuing election, arranged in alphabetical order, with the address of each and the number of shares held by each, shall be open to the examination of any stockholder for any purpose germane to the meeting during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days beginning on the tenth day prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the meeting and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present. 

SECTION 4. QUORUM. Except as otherwise required by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, the presence, in person or by proxy, of stockholders holding a majority of the stock of the corporation entitled to vote shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders. In case a quorum shall not be present at any meeting, a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or by proxy, shall have the power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be present. At any such adjourned meeting at which the requisite amount of stock entitled to vote shall be represented, any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally noticed; provided, however, that only those stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting as originally noticed shall be entitled to vote at any adjournment or adjournments thereof. 

SECTION 5. SPECIAL MEETINGS. Special meetings of the stockholders for any purpose or purposes may be called by the President or Secretary of the Corporation or by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 6. NOTICE OF MEETINGS. Written notice, stating the place, date and time of the meeting, and the general nature of the business to be considered, shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote thereat at his, her or its address as it appears on the records of the corporation not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting. No business other than that stated in the notice shall be transacted at any meeting without the unanimous consent of all the stockholders entitled to vote thereat. 

SECTION 7. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Unless otherwise provided by the Certificate of Incorporation, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent in writing setting forth the action so taken shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing. 

2 

* * *

ARTICLE III 

DIRECTORS 

SECTION 1. NUMBER AND TERM. The number of directors shall be not less than 4 nor more than 9. The first Board of Directors shall consist of 4 directors. Thereafter, within the limits specified above, the number of directors shall be determined by the Board of Directors. The directors shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders and each director shall be elected to serve until his successor shall be elected and takes office. Directors need not be stockholders. 

SECTION 2. RESIGNATIONS. Any director or member of a committee of the Board of Directors may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or if no time is specified, at the time of its receipt by the President or Secretary of the corporation. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

SECTION 3. VACANCIES. If the office of any director or member of a committee of the Board of Directors becomes vacant, the remaining directors in office, though less than a quorum, by a majority vote, may appoint any qualified person to fill such vacancy and such person shall hold office for the unexpired term and until his or her successor shall be duly chosen. 

SECTION 4. REMOVAL. Any director or directors may be removed either for or without cause at any time by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all the shares of stock outstanding and entitled to vote at a special meeting of the stockholders called for the purpose and the vacancies thus created may be filled at the meeting held for the purpose of removal by the affirmative vote of a majority in interest of the stockholders entitled to vote. 

SECTION 5. INCREASE OF NUMBER. The number of directors may be increased by amendment of these Bylaws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors, though less than a quorum, or by the affirmative vote of a majority interest of the stockholders at the annual meeting or at a special meeting called for that purpose, and by like vote the additional directors may be chosen at such meeting to hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are elected and qualify. 

SECTION 6. POWERS. The Board of Directors shall exercise all of the powers of the corporation, except such as are by law, by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws conferred upon or reserved to the stockholders. 

SECTION 7. COMMITTEES. (a) The Board of Directors may, by resolution or resolutions passed by a majority of the Board of Directors, designate one or more committees consisting of one or more directors of the corporation. The Board of Directors may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of any member of such committee or committees, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he, she or they constitute a quorum, 

3 

* * *

may unanimously appoint another member of the Board of Directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. 

(b) Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the Board of Directors creating such committee or in these Bylaws, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the Board of Directors in the management of the business and affairs of the corporation and may authorize the seal of the corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; provided, however, that no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the Certificate of Incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the corporation’s property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of a dissolution or amending the Bylaws of the corporation; and, unless the resolution, these Bylaws or the Certificate of Incorporation expressly so provide, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock. 

SECTION 8. MEETINGS. (a) The newly elected directors may hold their first meeting for the purpose of organization and the transaction of business, if a quorum be present, immediately after the annual meeting of the stockholders or, alternatively, the time and place of such meeting may be fixed by consent in writing of all the directors. 

(b) Regular meetings of the directors may be held without notice at such places and times as shall be determined from time to time by resolution of the directors. 

(c) Special meetings of the Board of Directors may be called by the President or by the Secretary of the corporation on the written request of any two directors and shall be held at such place or places as may be determined by the director or as may be stated in the notice of the meeting. 

(d) Unless otherwise restricted by the Certificate of Incorporation or by these Bylaws, members of the Board of Directors, or any committee designated by the Board of Directors, may participate in a meeting of the Board of Directors, or any such committee, by means of telephone conference or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting. 

SECTION 9\. QUORUM. A majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business. If at any meeting of the Board of Directors there shall be less than a quorum present, a majority of those present may adjourn the meeting from time to time until a quorum is obtained and no further notice thereof need be given other than by announcement at the meeting which shall be so adjourned. 

SECTION 10. COMPENSATION. Directors shall not receive any stated salary for their services as directors or as members of committees; provided, however, that, by resolution of the Board of Directors, a fixed fee and expenses of attendance may be allowed for attendance at each meeting. Nothing herein contained shall be construed to preclude any director 

4 

* * *

from serving the corporation in any other capacity, as an officer, agent or otherwise, and receiving compensation therefor. 

SECTION 11. ACTION WITHOUT MEETING. Any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the Board of Directors, or of any committee thereof, may be taken without a meeting if prior to such action a written consent thereto is signed by all members of the Board of Directors or of such committee, as the case may be, and such written consent is filed with the minutes of proceedings of the Board of Directors or committee. 

ARTICLE IV 

OFFICERS 

SECTION 1. OFFICERS. The officers of the corporation shall be a President, a Treasurer and a Secretary, all of whom shall be elected by the Board of Directors from time to time and who shall hold office until their successors are elected and qualified. In addition, the Board of Directors may elect a Chairman, one or more Vice Presidents and one or more Assistant Secretaries and Assistant Treasurers as they may deem proper. None of the officers of the corporation need be directors. More than two offices may be held by the same person. 

SECTION 2. RESIGNATIONS. Any officer may resign at any time. Such resignation shall be made in writing and shall take effect at the time specified therein, or if no time is specified, at the time of its receipt by the President, Secretary or Chairman of the Board of Directors. The acceptance of a resignation shall not be necessary to make it effective. 

SECTION 3. REMOVAL. Except as hereinafter provided, any officer or officers may be removed either for or without cause at any time by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 4. OTHER OFFICERS AND AGENTS. The Board of Directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it may deem advisable, who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 5. CHAIRMAN. The Chairman of the Board of Directors, if one is elected, shall preside at all meetings of the Board of Directors and he or she shall have and perform such other duties as from time to time may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 6. PRESIDENT. The President shall be the chief executive officer of the corporation and shall have the general powers and duties of supervision and management usually vested in the office of President of a corporation. He or she shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders if present thereat and, in the absence or nonelection of the Chairman of the Board of Directors, at all meetings of the Board of Directors, and shall have general supervision, direction and control of the business of the corporation. Except as the Board of Directors shall authorize the execution thereof in some other manner, he or she shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts on behalf of the corporation and shall cause the seal to be affixed to any 

5 

* * *

instrument requiring it and when so affixed the seal shall be attested by the signature of the Secretary or the Treasurer or an Assistant Secretary or an Assistant Treasurer. The President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him by the directors. 

SECTION 7. VICE PRESIDENT. Each Vice President shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to him or her by the directors. 

SECTION 8. TREASURER. (a) The Treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate account of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the corporation. He or she shall deposit all moneys and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the corporation in such depositaries as may be designated by the Board of Directors. 

(b) The Treasurer shall disburse the funds of the corporation as may be ordered by the Board of Directors or the President, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements. He or she shall render to the President and the Board of Directors at the regular meetings of the Board of Directors, or whenever they may request it, an account of all of his or her transactions as Treasurer and of the financial condition of the corporation. 

SECTION 9. SECRETARY. The Secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of stockholders and the Board of Directors and all other notices required by law or by these Bylaws. In case of his or her absence or refusal or neglect so to do, any such notice may be given by any person thereunto directed by the President. He or she shall record all the proceedings of the meetings of the corporation and of the Board of Directors in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform such other duties as may be assigned to him or her by the Board of Directors or the President. He or she shall have the custody of the seal of the corporation and shall affix the same to all instruments requiring it, when authorized by the directors or the President, and attest the same. 

SECTION 10. ASSISTANT TREASURERS AND ASSISTANT SECRETARIES. Assistant Treasurers and Assistant Secretaries, if any, shall be elected and shall have such powers and shall perform such duties as shall be assigned to them, respectively, by the Board of Directors. 

6 

* * *

ARTICLE V 

MISCELLANEOUS 

SECTION 1. UNCERTIFICATED SHARES. Shares of the corporation’s stock shall be issued in uncertificated form, unless a certificate of stock is requested by a stockholder. 

SECTION 2. CERTIFICATES OF STOCK. Certificates of stock, signed by (i) the Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, if they be elected, or the President or a Vice President and (ii) the Treasurer, an Assistant Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary, shall be issued to each stockholder requesting a certificate certifying the number of shares owned by him, her or it in the corporation. Any of or all the signatures may be facsimiles. 

SECTION 3. LOST CERTIFICATES. A new certificate of stock may be issued in the place of any certificate theretofore issued by the corporation that is alleged to have been lost or destroyed and the directors may, in their discretion, require the owner of the lost or destroyed certificate, or his, her or its legal representatives, to give the corporation a bond in such sum as they may direct not exceeding double the value of the stock to indemnify the corporation against any claim that may be made against it on account of the alleged loss of any such certificate or the issuance of any such new certificate. 

SECTION 4. TRANSFER OF SHARES. The shares of stock of the corporation shall be transferable only upon its books by the holders thereof or by their duly authorized attorneys or legal representatives, and upon such transfer the old certificates shall be surrendered to the corporation by the delivery thereof to the person in charge of the stock and transfer books and ledgers, or to such other person as the directors may designate, by whom they shall be cancelled and new certificates shall thereupon be issued. A record shall be made of each transfer and, whenever a transfer shall be made for collateral security and not absolutely, it shall be so expressed in the entry of the transfer. 

SECTION 5. STOCKHOLDERS RECORD DATE. In order that the corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the Board of Directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meeting or more than sixty days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the Board of Directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting. 

SECTION 6. DIVIDENDS. Subject to the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, the Board of Directors may, out of funds legally available therefor declare dividends upon the capital stock of the corporation as and when they deem expedient. Before declaring any dividend, there may be set apart out of any funds of the corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time in their discretion deem proper for 

7 

* * *

working capital or as a reserve fund to meet contingencies or for equalizing dividends or for such other purposes as the directors shall deem conducive to the interests of the company. 

SECTION 7. SEAL. The corporate seal shall be circular in form and shall contain the name of the corporation, the year of its creation and the words “CORPORATE SEAL DELAWARE”. Said seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise. 

SECTION 8. FISCAL YEAR. The fiscal year of the corporation shall be determined by resolution of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 9. CHECKS. All checks, drafts or other orders for the payment of money, notes or other evidences of indebtedness issued in the name of the corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or agent or agents of the corporation and in such manner as shall be determined from time to time by resolutions of the Board of Directors. 

SECTION 10. NOTICE AND WAIVER OF NOTICE. Whenever any notice is required by these Bylaws to be given, personal notice is not meant unless expressly so stated and any notice so required shall be deemed to be sufficient if given by depositing the same in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the person entitled thereto at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation and such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the day of such mailing. Stockholders not entitled to vote shall not be entitled to receive notice of any meetings except as otherwise provided by statute. 

Whenever any notice whatsoever is required to be given under the provisions of any law or under the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation or these Bylaws, a waiver thereof in writing signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent thereto. 

ARTICLE VI 

AMENDMENTS 

These Bylaws may be altered or repealed and Bylaws may be made (i) at any annual meeting of the stockholders (or at any special meeting thereof if notice of the proposed alteration or repeal or Bylaw or Bylaws to be made is contained in the notice of such special meeting) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat or (ii) by the affirmative vote of a majority of the Board of Directors, at any regular meeting of the Board of Directors (or at any special meeting of the Board of Directors if notice of the proposed alteration or repeal or Bylaw or Bylaws to be made is contained in the notice of such special meeting) or (iii) by action of the stockholders or the Board of Directions without a meeting as permitted by the laws of the State of Delaware, the Certificate of Incorporation and these Bylaws. 

8 

* * *

ARTICLE VII 

INDEMNIFICATION 

SECTION 1. THIRD PARTY ACTIONS. The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending, or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the corporation) by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement (if such settlement is approved in advance by the corporation, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if such person acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no reasonable cause to believe such person’s conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which the person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that the person’s conduct was unlawful. 

SECTION 2. ACTIONS BY OR IN THE RIGHT OF THE CORPORATION. The corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that such person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) and amounts paid in settlement (if such settlement is approved in advance by the corporation, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if such person acted in good faith and in manner such person reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the corporation, except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to the corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (the “Delaware Court of Chancery”) or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Delaware Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article VII, no person shall be indemnified hereunder for any expenses or amounts paid in settlement with respect to any action to recover short-swing profits under Section 16(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

SECTION 3. SUCCESSFUL DEFENSE. To the extent that a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of 

9 

* * *

any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, such person shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by such person in connection therewith. 

SECTION 4. DETERMINATION OF CONDUCT. Any indemnification under Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that the indemnification of the director, officer, employee or agent is proper in the circumstances because such person has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII. Such determination shall be made (1) by the Board of Directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding or (2) if such quorum is not obtainable or, even if obtainable, a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (3) by the stockholders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation shall be entitled to contest any determination that the director, officer, employee or agent has not met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII by petitioning a court of competent jurisdiction. 

SECTION 5. PAYMENT OF EXPENSES IN ADVANCE. Expenses incurred in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding, by an individual who may be entitled to indemnification pursuant to Sections 1 and 2 of this Article VII, shall be paid by the corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of the director, officer, employee or agent to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that such person is not entitled to be indemnified by the corporation as authorized in this Article VII. 

SECTION 6. INDEMNITY NOT EXCLUSIVE. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by or granted pursuant to the other sections of this Article VII shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which those seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under these Bylaws, any agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in such person’s official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office. 

SECTION 7. INSURANCE INDEMNIFICATION. The corporation shall have the power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against any liability asserted against such person and incurred by such person in any such capacity or arising out of such person’s status as such, whether or not the corporation would have the power to indemnify such person against such liability under the provisions of this Article VII. 

SECTION 8. THE CORPORATION. For purposes of this Article VII, references to “the corporation” shall include, in addition to the resulting corporation, any constituent corporation (including any constituent of a constituent) absorbed in a consolidation or merger which, if its separate existence had continued, would have had power and authority to 

10 

* * *

indemnify its directors, officers, and employees or agents, so that any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of such constituent corporation, or is or was serving at the request of such constituent corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, shall stand in the same position under and subject to the provisions of this Article VII (including, without limitation the provisions of Section 4 of this Article VII) with respect to the resulting or surviving corporation as such person would have with respect to such constituent corporation if its separate existence had continued. 

SECTION 9. EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLANS. For purposes of this Article VII, references to “other enterprises” shall include employee benefit plans; references to “fines” shall include any excise taxes assessed on a person with respect to an employee benefit plan; and references to “serving at the request of the corporation” shall include any service as a director, officer, employee or agent of the corporation which imposes duties on, or involves services by, such director, officer, employee, or agent with respect to an employee benefit plan, its participants, or beneficiaries; and a person who acted in good faith and in a manner such person reasonably believed to be in the interest of the participants and beneficiaries of an employee benefit plan shall be deemed to have acted in a manner “not opposed to the best interests of the corporation” as referred to in this Article VII. 

SECTION 10. CONTINUATION OF INDEMNIFICATION AND ADVANCEMENT OF EXPENSES. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article VII shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person. 

11 
