As Amended 4/19/07



OF

G-III APPAREL GROUP, LTD.

ARTICLE I

OFFICES

Section 1. The registered office shall be in the City of Dover, County of Kent, State of Delaware.

Section 2. The Corporation may also have offices at such other places both within and without the State of Delaware as the board of directors may from time to time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

ARTICLE II

MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS

Section 1. All meetings of the stockholders for the election of directors shall be held at such place as may be fixed from time to time by the board of directors either within or without the State of Delaware as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors and stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. Meetings of stockholders for any other purpose may be held at such time and place, within or without the State of Delaware, as shall be stated in the notice of the meeting or in a duly executed waiver of notice thereof. Stockholders need not be physically present to participate in a meeting of stockholders, but may participate by means of conference telephone or other similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other.

Section 2. Annual meetings of stockholders, commencing with the year 1990, shall be held on the second Tuesday of December if not a legal holiday, and if a legal holiday, then on the next secular day following, at 10:00 A.M., or at such other date as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors and stated in the notice of the meeting, at which they shall elect by a majority vote a board of directors, and transact such other business as may properly be brought before the meeting.

Section 3. Written notice of the annual meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting shall be given to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting.

Section 4. The officer who has charge of the stock ledger of the Corporation shall prepare and make, at least ten days before every meeting of stockholders, a complete list of the stockholders entitled to vote at the meeting, arranged in alphabetical order, and showing the address of each stockholder and the number of shares registered in the name of each stockholder. Such list shall be open to the examination of any stockholder, for any purpose germane to the meeting, during ordinary business hours, for a period of at least ten days prior to the meeting, either at a place within the city where the meeting is to be held, which place shall be specified in the notice of the meeting, or, if not so specified, at the place where the meeting is to be held. The list shall also be produced and kept at the time and place of the meeting during the whole time thereof, and may be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

Section 5. Special meetings of the stockholders, for any purpose or purposes, unless otherwise prescribed by statute or by the certificate of incorporation, may be called by the president or secretary and shall be called by the chairman of the board, president or secretary at the request in writing of a 

1

  


* * *

  


majority of the board of directors, or at the request in writing of stockholders owning a majority in amount of the entire capital stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding and entitled to vote. Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the proposed meeting.

Section 6. Written notice of a special meeting stating the place, date and hour of the meeting and the purpose or purposes for which the meeting is called, shall be given not less than ten nor more than sixty days before the date of the meeting, to each stockholder entitled to vote at such meeting.

Section 7. Business transacted at any special meeting of stockholders shall be limited to the purposes stated in the notice.

Section 8. The holders of a majority of the stock issued and outstanding and entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at all meetings of the stockholders for the transaction of business except as otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If, however, such quorum shall not be present or represented at any meeting of the stockholders, the stockholders entitled to vote thereat, present in person or represented by proxy, shall have power to adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present or represented. At such adjourned meeting at which a quorum shall be present or represented any business may be transacted which might have been transacted at the meeting as originally notified. If the adjournment is for more than thirty days, or if after the adjournment a new record date is fixed for t he adjourned meeting, a notice of the adjourned meeting shall be given to each stockholder of record entitled to vote at the meeting.

Section 9. When a quorum is present at any meeting, the vote of the holders of a majority of the stock having voting power present in person or represented by proxy shall decide any question brought before such meeting, unless the question is one upon which by express provision of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, a different vote is required in which case such express provision shall govern and control the decision of such question.

Section 10. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation each stockholder shall at every meeting of the stockholders be entitled to one vote in person or by proxy for each share of the capital stock having voting power held by such stockholder, but no proxy shall be voted on after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period.

Section 11. Unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, any action required to be taken at any annual or special meeting of stockholders of the Corporation, or any action which may be taken at any annual or special meeting of such stockholders, may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of outstanding stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at which all shares entitled to vote thereon were present and voted and shall be delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its place of business, or the secretary of the Corporation. Every written consent shall bear the date of signature of each stockholder who signs the consent and no written consent shall be effective t o take the corporate action referred to therein unless, within sixty days of the earliest dated consent delivered in the manner required by this Section to the Corporation, written consents signed by a sufficient number of holders to take action are delivered to the Corporation by delivery to its registered office in the State of Delaware, its principal place of business, or the secretary of the Corporation. Delivery made to the Corporation’s registered office shall be by hand or by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Prompt notice of the taking of the corporate action without a meeting by less than unanimous written consent shall be given to those stockholders who have not consented in writing.

ARTICLE III

DIRECTORS

Section 1. The number of directors which shall constitute the whole board shall be fixed from time to time by the board of directors or stockholders but shall not be less than two. The directors 

2

  


* * *

  


shall be elected at the annual meeting of the stockholders, except as provided in Section 2 of this Article, and each director elected shall hold office until his respective successor is elected and qualified. The directors need not be stockholders.

Section 2. Except as otherwise provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation, vacancies and newly created directorships resulting from any increase in the authorized number of directors may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office, though less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director, and the directors so chosen shall hold office until the next annual election and until their successors are duly elected and shall qualify, unless sooner displaced. If there are no directors in office, then an election of directors may be held in the manner provided by statute. If, at the time of filling any vacancy or any newly created directorship, the directors then in office shall constitute less than a majority of the whole board (as constituted immediately prior to any such increase), the Court of Chancery may, upon application of any stockholder or stockholders holding at least ten percent of the total number of the sh ares at the time outstanding having the right to vote for such directors, summarily order an election to be held to fill any such vacancies or newly created directorships, or to replace the directors chosen by the directors then in office.

Section 3. The business of the Corporation shall be managed by or under the direction of its board of directors which may exercise all such powers of the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not by statute or by the certificate of incorporation or by these by-laws directed or required to be exercised or done by the stockholders.

THE CHAIRMAN OF THE BOARD

Section 4. The board of directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose from among its members a chairman. The chairman of the board of directors shall preside at all meetings of stockholders and of the board of directors. He shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as are provided in these by-laws and, in addition thereto, as the board of directors may from time to time determine. The chairman of the board of directors shall not be deemed an officer of the Corporation under any provision of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws.

MEETINGS OF THE BOARD OF DIRECTORS

Section 5. The board of directors of the Corporation may hold meetings, both regular and special, either within or without the State of Delaware.

Section 6. The first meeting of each newly elected board of directors shall be held at such time and place as shall be fixed by the vote of the stockholders at the annual meeting and no notice of such meeting shall be necessary to the newly elected directors in order legally to constitute the meeting, provided a quorum shall be present. In the event of the failure of the stockholders to fix the time or place of such first meeting of the newly elected board of directors, or in the event such meeting is not held at the time and place so fixed by the stockholders, the meeting may be held at such time and place as shall be specified in a notice given as hereinafter provided for special meetings of the board of directors, or as shall be specified in a written waiver signed by all of the directors.

Section 7. Regular meetings of the board of directors may be held without notice at such time and at such place as shall from time to time be determined by the board.

Section 8. Special meetings of the board may be called by the chairman of the board or president on three days’ notice to each director, either personally or by mail or by telegram; special meetings shall be called by the chairman of the board, the president or secretary in like manner and on like notice on the written request of two directors.

Section 9. At all meetings of the board a majority of the directors shall constitute a quorum for the transaction of business and the act of a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which there is a quorum shall be the act of the board of directors, except as may be otherwise specifically provided by statute or by the certificate of incorporation. If a quorum shall not be present at any meeting of the board of directors, the directors present thereat may adjourn the meeting from time to time, without notice other than announcement at the meeting, until a quorum shall be present.

3

  


* * *

  


Section 10. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, any action required or permitted to be taken at any meeting of the board of directors or of any committee thereof may be taken without a meeting if all members of the board or committee, as the case may be, consent thereto in writing, and the writing or writings are filed with the minutes of proceedings of the board or committee.

Section 11. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, members of the board of directors, or any committee designated by the board of directors, may participate in a meeting of the board of directors, or any committee, by means of conference telephone or similar communications equipment by means of which all persons participating in the meeting can hear each other, and such participation in a meeting shall constitute presence in person at the meeting.

COMMITTEES OF DIRECTORS

Section 12. The board of directors may, by resolution passed by a majority of the whole board, designate one or more committees, each committee to consist of one or more of the directors of the Corporation. The board may designate one or more directors as alternate members of any committee, who may replace any absent or disqualified member at any meeting of the committee. In the absence or disqualification of a member of a committee, the member or members thereof present at any meeting and not disqualified from voting, whether or not he or they constitute a quorum, may unanimously appoint another member of the board of directors to act at the meeting in the place of any such absent or disqualified member. Any such committee, to the extent provided in the resolution of the board of directors, shall have and may exercise all the powers and authority of the board of directors in the management of the business and affairs of the Corporation, a nd may authorize the seal of the Corporation to be affixed to all papers which may require it; but no such committee shall have the power or authority in reference to amending the certificate of incorporation, adopting an agreement of merger or consolidation, recommending to the stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of the Corporation’s property and assets, recommending to the stockholders a dissolution of the Corporation or a revocation of a dissolution, or amending the by-laws of the Corporation; and, unless the resolution or the certificate of incorporation expressly so provides, no such committee shall have the power or authority to declare a dividend or to authorize the issuance of stock. Such committee or committees shall have such name or names as may be determined from time to time by resolution adopted by the board of directors.

Section 13. Each committee shall keep regular minutes of its meetings and report the same to the board of directors when required.

COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS

Section 14. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, the board of directors shall have the authority to fix the compensation of directors. The directors may be paid their expenses, if any, of attendance at each meeting of the board of directors and may be paid a fixed sum for attendance at each meeting of the board of directors or a stated salary as director. Nothing herein shall preclude any director from serving the Corporation in any other capacity and receiving compensation therefor. Members of special or standing committees may be allowed like compensation for attending committee meetings.

REMOVAL OF DIRECTORS

Section 15. Unless otherwise restricted by the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of shares entitled to vote at an election of directors.

ARTICLE IV

NOTICES

Section 1. Whenever, under the provisions of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or of these by-laws, notice is required to be given to any director or stockholder, it shall not be construed 

4

  


* * *

  


to mean personal notice, but such notice may be given in writing, by mail, addressed to such director or stockholder, at his address as it appears on the records of the corporation, with postage thereon prepaid, and such notice shall be deemed to be given at the time when the same shall be deposited in the United States mail. Notice to directors may also be given by telegram, telex or telecopy with receipt confirmed by telecopy.

Section 2. Whenever any notice is required to be given under the provisions of the statutes or of the certificate of incorporation or of these by-laws, a waiver thereof in writing, signed by the person or persons entitled to said notice, whether before or after the time stated therein, shall be deemed equivalent to notice. A person entitled to notice of any meeting of the board of directors or stockholders, as the case may be, waives such notice if he appears in person or, in the case of a stockholder, by proxy at such meeting, except when the person attends a meeting for the express purposes of objecting, at the beginning of the meeting, to the transaction of any business because the meeting is not lawfully called or convened.

ARTICLE V

OFFICERS

Section 1. The officers of the Corporation shall be chosen by the board of directors and shall be a chief executive officer, a president, a vice-president, a secretary and a treasurer. The board of directors may also choose additional vice-presidents, and one or more assistant secretaries and assistant treasurers. Any number of offices may be held by the same person, unless the certificate of incorporation or these by-laws otherwise provide.

Section 2. The board of directors at its first meeting after each annual meeting of stockholders shall choose a chief executive officer, a president, one or more vice-presidents, a secretary and a treasurer.

Section 3. The board of directors may appoint such other officers and agents as it shall deem necessary who shall hold their offices for such terms and shall exercise such powers and perform such duties as shall be determined from time to time by the board.

Section 4. The salaries of all officers and agents of the Corporation shall be fixed by the board of directors.

Section 5. The officers of the Corporation shall hold office until their successors are chosen and qualify. Any officer elected or appointed by the board of directors may be removed at any time by the affirmative vote of a majority of the board of directors. Any vacancy occurring in any office of the Corporation shall be filled by the board of directors.

THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER

Section 6. The chief executive officer shall have general and active management of the business of the Corporation, and in the absence of the chairman of the board, shall preside at all meetings of the stockholders and the board of directors. The chief executive officer shall make reports to the board of directors and stockholders, and shall perform any and all other duties as are incident to the office or are properly required of the chief executive officer by the board of directors. The chief executive officer shall see that all orders and resolutions of the board of directors are carried into effect.

THE PRESIDENT

Section 7. The president shall have general supervision of the affairs of the Corporation, shall sign or countersign all certificates, contracts, or other instruments of the corporation as authorized by the board of directors and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as are provided in these by-laws and, in addition thereto, as the board of directors may from time to time determine.

Section 8. The President shall execute bonds, mortgages and other contracts requiring a seal, under the seal of the Corporation, except where required or permitted by law to be otherwise signed 

5

  


* * *

  


and executed and except where the signing and execution thereof shall be expressly delegated by the board of directors to some other officer or agent of the Corporation.

THE VICE-PRESIDENTS

Section 9. In the absence of the president or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, the vice-president (or in the event there be more than one vice-president, the vice-presidents in the order designated by the directors, or in the absence of any designation, then in the order of their election) shall perform the duties of the president, and when so acting shall have all the powers of and be subject to all the restrictions upon the president. The vice-presidents shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.

THE SECRETARY AND ASSISTANT SECRETARY

Section 10. The secretary shall attend all meetings of the board of directors and all meetings of the stockholders and record all the proceedings of the meetings of the Corporation and of the board of directors in a book to be kept for that purpose and shall perform like duties for the standing committees when required. He shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of the stockholders and special meetings of the board of directors, and shall perform such other duties as may be prescribed by the board of directors or president, under whose supervision he shall be. He shall have custody of the corporate seal of the Corporation and he, or an assistant secretary, shall have authority to affix the same to any instrument requiring it and when so affixed, it may be attested by his signature or by the signature of such assistant secretary. The board of directors may give general authority to any other officer to affix the seal of the Corporation and to attest the affixing by his signature.

Section 11. The assistant secretary, or if there be more than one, the assistant secretaries in the order determined by the board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election) shall, in the absence of the secretary or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the secretary and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.

THE TREASURER AND ASSISTANT TREASURERS

Section 12. The treasurer shall have the custody of the corporate funds and securities and shall keep full and accurate accounts of receipts and disbursements in books belonging to the Corporation and shall deposit all moneys and other valuable effects in the name and to the credit of the Corporation in such depositories as may be designated by the board of directors.

Section 13. He shall disburse the funds of the Corporation as may be ordered by the board of directors, taking proper vouchers for such disbursements, and shall render to the president and the board of directors, at its regular meetings, or when the board of directors so requires, an account of all his transactions as treasurer and of the financial condition of the Corporation.

Section 14. If required by the board of directors, he shall give the Corporation a bond (which shall be renewed every six years) in such sum and with such surety or sureties as shall be satisfactory to the board of directors for the faithful performance of the duties of his office and for the restoration to the Corporation, in case of his death, resignation, retirement or removal from office, of all books, papers, vouchers, money and other property of whatever kind in his possession or under his control belonging to the Corporation.

Section 15. The assistant treasurer, or if there shall be more than one, the assistant treasurers in the order determined by the board of directors (or if there be no such determination, then in the order of their election), shall, in the absence of the treasurer or in the event of his inability or refusal to act, perform the duties and exercise the powers of the treasurer and shall perform such other duties and have such other powers as the board of directors may from time to time prescribe.

6

  


* * *

  


ARTICLE VI

INDEMNIFICATION

Section 1. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (other than an action by or in the right of the Corporation) by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, against expenses (including attorneys’ fees), judgments, fines and amounts paid in settlement actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with such action, suit or proceeding if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation, and with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had no re asonable cause to believe his conduct was unlawful. The termination of any action, suit or proceeding by judgment, order, settlement, conviction, or upon a plea of nolo contendere or its equivalent, shall not, of itself, create a presumption that the person did not act in good faith and in a manner which he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interest of the Corporation, and, with respect to any criminal action or proceeding, had reasonable cause to believe that his conduct was unlawful.

Section 2. The Corporation shall indemnify any person who was or is a party or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action or suit by or in the right of the Corporation to procure a judgment in its favor by reason of the fact that he is or was a director, officer or employee of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against expenses (including attorneys’ fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection with the defense or settlement of such action or suit if he acted in good faith and in a manner he reasonably believed to be in or not opposed to the best interests of the Corporation and except that no indemnification shall be made in respect of any claim, issue or matter as to which such person shall have been adjudged to be liable to t he Corporation unless and only to the extent that the Court of Chancery or the court in which such action or suit was brought shall determine upon application that, despite the adjudication of liability but in view of all the circumstances of the case, such person is fairly and reasonably entitled to indemnity for such expenses which the Court of Chancery or such other court shall deem proper.

Section 3. To the extent that a director, officer or employee of the Corporation has been successful on the merits or otherwise in defense of any action, suit or proceeding referred to in Sections 1 or 2 of this Article VI, or in defense of any claim, issue or matter therein, he shall be indemnified against expenses (including attorney’s fees) actually and reasonably incurred by him in connection therewith.

Section 4. Any indemnification under Sections 1 or 2 of this Article VI (unless ordered by a court) shall be made by the Corporation only as authorized in the specific case upon a determination that indemnification of the director, officer or employee is proper in the circumstances because he has met the applicable standard of conduct set forth in Sections 1 or 2 of this Article VI. Such determination shall be made (a) by the board of directors by a majority vote of a quorum consisting of directors who were not parties to such action, suit or proceeding, or (b) if such a quorum is not obtainable, or, even if obtainable a quorum of disinterested directors so directs, by independent legal counsel in a written opinion, or (c) by the stockholders.

Section 5. Expenses incurred by a director, officer or employee of the Corporation in defending a civil or criminal action, suit or proceeding may be paid by the Corporation in advance of the final disposition of such action, suit or proceeding upon receipt of an undertaking by or on behalf of such director, officer or employee to repay such amount if it shall ultimately be determined that he is not entitled to be indemnified by the Corporation as authorized in this Article.

Section 6. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, the other Sections of this Article shall not be deemed exclusive of any other rights to which a 

7

  


* * *

  


person seeking indemnification or advancement of expenses may be entitled under any by-law, agreement, or vote of stockholders or disinterested directors or otherwise, both as to action in his official capacity and as to action in another capacity while holding such office.

Section 7. The Corporation shall have power to purchase and maintain insurance on behalf of any person who is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise against any liability asserted against him and incurred by him in any such capacity, or arising out of his status as such, whether or not the Corporation would have the power to indemnify him against such liability under the provisions of this Article.

Section 8. The indemnification and advancement of expenses provided by, or granted pursuant to, this Article shall, unless otherwise provided when authorized or ratified, continue as to a person who has ceased to be a director, officer or employee and shall inure to the benefit of the heirs, executors and administrators of such a person.

ARTICLE VII

CERTIFICATE OF STOCK

Section 1. The shares of the Corporation may be either certificated shares or uncertificated shares or a combination thereof. A resolution approved by a majority of the directors on the board of directors may provide that some or all of any or all classes and series of the stock of the Corporation will be uncertificated shares. Every holder of stock of the Corporation shall be entitled to a certificate for such shares, to be in such form as shall be prescribed by law and adopted by the board of directors, certifying the number of shares of the Corporation owned by such stockholder. The certificates for such shares shall be numbered in the order in which they shall be issued and shall be signed, in the name of the Corporation, by the president or a vice-president and by the secretary or an assistant secretary or by such officers as the board of directors may designate.

Section 2. Any or all of the signatures on the certificate may be a facsimile. In case any officer, transfer agent, or registrar who has signed or whose facsimile signature has been placed upon a certificate shall have ceased to be such officer, transfer agent, or registrar before such certificate is issued, it may be issued by the Corporation with the same effect as if such person were an officer, transfer agent, or registrar at the date of issue. Shares of the Corporation’s stock may also be evidenced by registration in the holder’s name in uncertificated, book-entry form on the books of the Corporation in accordance with a direct registration system approved by the Securities and Exchange Commission and by the New York Stock Exchange, the NASDAQ Stock Market or any securities exchange on which the stock of the Corporation may from time to time be traded.

LOST CERTIFICATES

Section 3. Any person claiming a certificate of stock to be lost, stolen, mislaid, or destroyed shall make an affidavit or affirmation of that fact and verify the same in such manner as the board of directors may require, and shall, if the board of directors so requires, give the Corporation, its transfer agent, registrar, and/or other agents a bond of indemnity in form approved by counsel, and in amount and with such sureties as may be satisfactory to the secretary of the Corporation, before a new certificate (or uncertificated shares in lieu of a new certificate) may be issued of the same tenor and for the same number of shares as the one alleged to have been lost, stolen, mislaid, or destroyed.

TRANSFERS OF STOCK

Section 4. Transfer of shares on the books of the Corporation may be authorized only by the stockholder of record thereof, or the stockholder’s legal representative, who shall furnish proper evidence of authority to transfer, or the stockholder’s duly authorized attorney-in-fact, and, in the case of certificated shares, upon surrender of the certificate or the certificates for such shares to the 

8

  


* * *

  


Corporation or its transfer agent duly endorsed. The Corporation may treat as the absolute owner of shares of the Corporation the person or persons in whose name shares are registered on the books of the Corporation. The board of directors may appoint one or more transfer agents and registrars to maintain the share records of the Corporation and to effect share transfers on its behalf.

FIXING RECORD DATE

Section 5. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to notice of or to vote at any meeting of stockholders or any adjournment thereof, or to express consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, or entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights, or entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors may fix, in advance, a record date, which shall not be more than sixty nor less than ten days before the date of such meetings, nor more than sixty days prior to any other action. A determination of stockholders of record entitled to notice of or to vote at a meeting of stockholders shall apply to any adjournment of the meeting; provided, however, that the board of directors may fix a new record date for the adjourned meeting.

Section 6. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to consent to corporate action in writing without a meeting, the board of directors shall fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record is adopted by the board of directors, and which date shall not be more than ten days after the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted by the board of directors.

Section 7. In order that the Corporation may determine the stockholders entitled to receive payment of any dividend or other distribution or allotment of any rights or the stockholders entitled to exercise any rights in respect of any change, conversion or exchange of stock, or for the purpose of any other lawful action, the board of directors shall fix a record date, which record date shall not precede the date upon which the resolution fixing the record date is adopted and which record date shall be more than sixty days prior to such action.

REGISTERED STOCKHOLDERS

Section 8. The Corporation shall be entitled to recognize the exclusive right of a person registered on its books as the owner of shares to receive dividends, and to vote as such owner, and to hold liable for calls and assessments a person registered on its books as the owner of shares, and shall not be bound to recognize any equitable or other claim to or interest in such share or shares on the part of any other person, whether or not it shall have express or other notice thereof, except as otherwise provided by the laws of Delaware.

ARTICLE VIII

GENERAL PROVISIONS

DIVIDENDS

Section 1. Dividends upon the capital stock of the Corporation, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation, if any, may be declared by the board of directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to law. Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of the capital stock, subject to the provisions of the certificate of incorporation.

Section 2. Before payment of any dividend, there may be set aside out of any funds of the Corporation available for dividends such sum or sums as the directors from time to time, in their absolute discretion, think proper as a reserve or reserves to meet contingencies, or for equalizing dividends, or for repairing or maintaining any property of the Corporation, or for such other purpose as the directors shall think conducive to the interest of the Corporation, and the directors may modify or abolish any such reserve in the manner in which it was created.

9

  


* * *

  


CHECKS

Section 3. All checks or demands for money and notes of the Corporation shall be signed by such officer or officers or such other person or persons as the board of directors may from time to time designate.

FISCAL YEAR

Section 4. The fiscal year of the Corporation shall end on January 31 unless otherwise fixed by resolution of the board of directors.

SEAL

Section 5. The corporate seal shall have inscribed thereon the name of the Corporation, the year of its organization and the words ‘‘Corporate Seal, Delaware’’. The seal may be used by causing it or a facsimile thereof to be impressed or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

BOOKS AND RECORDS

Section 6. Subject to any provisions contained in the statutes, the books and records of the Corporation may be kept at such place or places either within or without the State of Delaware as shall be designated from time to time by the board of directors.

ARTICLE IX

AMENDMENTS

Section 1. These by-laws may be altered, amended or repealed or new by-laws may be adopted by the stockholders or by the board of directors, when such power is conferred upon the board of directors by the certificate of incorporation, at any regular meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors or at any special meeting of the stockholders or of the board of directors if notice of such alteration, amendment, repeal or adoption of new by-laws be contained in the notice of such special meeting. If the power to adopt, amend or repeal by-laws is conferred upon the board of directors by the certificate of incorporation it shall not divest or limit the power of the stockholders to adopt, amend or repeal by-laws.

10

  


* * *

  

