[RIMROCK GOLD CORP. 8-K](rmrk-8k_012815.htm)

Exhibit 10.1



This Employment Agreement (the "Agreement") is made and entered into as of February 2, 2015, by and between Jordan Starkman (the "Executive") and Rimrock Gold Corp., a Nevada Corporation (the "Company").

WHEREAS, the Company desires to employ the Executive on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and

WHEREAS, the Executive desires to be employed by the Company on such terms and conditions.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, promises and obligations set forth herein, the parties agree as follows:

1. Term. The Executive's employment hereunder shall be effective as of February 2, 2015 (the "Effective Date") and shall continue until the third anniversary thereof, unless terminated earlier pursuant to Section 4 of this Agreement. Thereafter, the Employment Term shall automatically renew for successive periods of one (1) year, unless either party shall have given to the other at least thirty (30) days’ prior written notice of their intention not to renew the Executive’s employment prior to the end of the Employment Term or the then applicable renewal term, as the case may be. The period during which the Executive is employed by the Company hereunder, including any renewal term, is hereinafter referred to as the "Employment Term." 

2. Position and Duties.

2.1 Position. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall serve as the Chief Executive Officer and, until the appointment of a Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. In such position, the Executive shall have such duties, authority and responsibility as are consistent with the Executive's position. The Executive shall also serve as a member of the board of directors of the Company (the "Board"). 

2.2 Duties. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall devote such business time and attention as necessary to the performance of the Executive's duties hereunder. 

3. Compensation.

3.1 Base Salary. The Company shall pay the Executive an annual rate of base salary of $75,0000 in periodic installments in accordance with the Company's customary payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly. The Executive's base salary shall be reviewed and renegotiated annually by the Board. The Executive's annual base salary, as in effect from time to time, is hereinafter referred to as "Base Salary".  
  
3.2 Fringe Benefits and Perquisites. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to fringe benefits and perquisites consistent with the practices of the Company, and to the extent the Company provides similar benefits or perquisites (or both) to similarly situated executives of the Company. 

3.3 Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to participate in all employee benefit plans, practices and programs maintained by the Company, as in effect from time to time (collectively, "Employee Benefit Plans"), on a basis which is no less favorable than is provided to other similarly situated executives of the Company, to the extent consistent with applicable law and the terms of the applicable Employee Benefit Plans. The Company reserves the right to amend or cancel any Employee Benefit Plans at any time in its sole discretion, subject to the terms of such Employee Benefit Plan and applicable law.

3.4 Business Expenses. The Executive shall be entitled to reimbursement for all reasonable and necessary out-of-pocket business, entertainment and travel expenses incurred by the Executive in connection with the performance of the Executive's duties hereunder in accordance with the Company's expense reimbursement policies and procedures.

3.5 Indemnification. 

(a) In the event that the Executive is made a party or threatened to be made a party to any action, suit, or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a "Proceeding"), other than any Proceeding initiated by the Executive or the Company related to any contest or dispute between the Executive and the Company or any of its affiliates with respect to this Agreement or the Executive's employment hereunder, by reason of the fact that the Executive is or was a director or officer of the Company, or any affiliate of the Company, or is or was serving at the request of the Company as a director, officer, member, employee or agent of another corporation or a partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise, the Executive shall be indemnified and held harmless by the Company to the fullest extent applicable to any other officer or director of the Company/to the maximum extent permitted under applicable law from and against any liabilities, costs, claims and expenses, including all costs and expenses incurred in defense of any Proceeding (including attorneys' fees). 

4. Termination of Employment. The Employment Term and the Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by either the Company or the Executive at any time and for any reason; provided that, unless otherwise provided herein, either party shall be required to give the other party at least thirty (30) days advance written notice of any termination of the Executive's employment. Upon termination of the Executive's employment during the Employment Term, the Executive shall be entitled to the compensation and benefits described in this Section 4 and shall have no further rights to any compensation or any other benefits from the Company or any of its affiliates.

2  
  
4.1 Expiration of the Term, for Cause or Without Good Reason. 

(a) The Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated upon the Executive’s failure to renew the Agreement in accordance with Section  1, by the Company for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason. If the Executive's employment is terminated upon the Executive’s failure to renew the Agreement, by the Company for Cause or by the Executive without Good Reason, the Executive shall be entitled to receive:

(i)any accrued but unpaid Base Salary; and   
(ii)reimbursement for unreimbursed business expenses properly incurred by the Executive, which shall be subject to and paid in accordance with the Company's expense reimbursement policy; and  
(iii)such employee benefits (including equity compensation), if any, as to which the Executive may be entitled under the Company's employee benefit plans as of the Termination Date; provided that, in no event shall the Executive be entitled to any payments in the nature of severance or termination payments except as specifically provided herein.  
  
Items 4.1(a)(i) through 4.1(a)(iii) are referred to herein collectively as the "Accrued Amounts".

(b) For purposes of this Agreement, "Cause" shall mean:

(i)the Executive's embezzlement, misappropriation or fraud, whether or not related to the Executive's employment with the Company;  
(ii)the Executive's conviction of or plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a crime that constitutes a felony (or state law equivalent) or a crime that constitutes a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude, if such felony or other crime is work-related, materially impairs the Executive's ability to perform services for the Company or results in material harm to the Company or its affiliates;  
  
Termination of the Executive's employment shall not be deemed to be for Cause unless and until the Company delivers to the Executive a copy of a resolution duly adopted by the affirmative vote of not less than a majority of the Board (excluding the Executive’s board vote), after reasonable written notice is provided to the Executive and the Executive is given an opportunity, together with counsel, to be heard before the Board, finding that the Executive is guilty of the conduct described in any of (i)-(ii) above. Except for a failure, breach or refusal which, by its nature, cannot reasonably be expected to be cured, the Executive shall have ten (10) business days from the delivery of written notice by the Company within which to cure any acts constituting Cause; provided however, that, if the Company reasonably expects irreparable injury from a delay of ten (10) business days, the Company may give the Executive notice of such shorter period within which to cure as is reasonable under the circumstances.

3  
  
(c) For purposes of this Agreement, "Good Reason" shall mean the occurrence of any of the following, in each case during the Employment Term without the Executive's written consent:

(i)a material reduction in the Executive's Base Salary other than a general reduction in Base Salary that affects all similarly situated executives in substantially the same proportions;  
(ii)any material breach by the Company of any material provision of this Agreement or any material provision of any other agreement between the Executive and the Company;  
(iii)the Company's failure to obtain an agreement from any successor to the Company to assume and agree to perform this Agreement in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no succession had taken place, except where such assumption occurs by operation of law;  
(iv)the Company's failure have the Executive elected and re-elected to the Board, as applicable;  
(v)a material, adverse change in the Executive's title, authority, duties or responsibilities (other than temporarily while the Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law);  
  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that a Change in Control (as defined below) occurs during the Employment Term, the Executive may terminate his employment for any reason during the thirty-day period following the Change in Control and such termination shall be deemed to be for Good Reason.

4.2 Non-renewal by the Company, Without Cause or for Good Reason. The Employment Term and the Executive's employment hereunder may be terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company without Cause or on account of the Company's failure to renew the Agreement in accordance with Section  1. In the event of such termination, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the following: 

(a) a lump sum payment equal to three times the sum of the Executive's Base Salary for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (or if greater, the year immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs) payable in equal installments in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly, which shall commence on the Termination Date;

4  
  
(b) a grant of ten million (10,000,000) non-dilutive shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $0.001 (the “Common Stock”), to be issued no later than thirty (30) days following the Termination Date ("Executive Shares”). The treatment of any outstanding equity awards shall be determined in accordance with the terms of such awards;

(c) notwithstanding the terms of any applicable award agreements, all outstanding unvested stock options granted to the Executive shall become fully vested and exercisable for the remainder of their full term.

4.3 Death or Disability. 

(a) The Executive's employment hereunder shall terminate automatically upon the Executive's death during the Employment Term, and the Company may terminate the Executive's employment on account of the Executive's Disability. 

(b) If the Executive's employment is terminated during the Employment Term on account of the Executive's death or Disability, the Executive (or the Executive's estate and/or beneficiaries, as the case may be) shall be entitled to receive the following:

(i)the Accrued Amounts; and  
  
(c) For purposes of this Agreement, Disability shall mean [the Executive's inability, due to physical or mental incapacity, to substantially perform his duties and responsibilities under this Agreement for one hundred eighty (180) days out of any three hundred sixty-five (365) days. Any question as to the existence of the Executive's Disability as to which the Executive and the Company cannot agree shall be determined in writing by a qualified independent physician mutually acceptable to the Executive and the Company. If the Executive and the Company cannot agree as to a qualified independent physician, each shall appoint such a physician and those two physicians shall select a third who shall make such determination in writing. The determination of Disability made in writing to the Company and the Executive shall be final and conclusive for all purposes of this Agreement.

4.4 Change in Control Termination. 

(a) Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, if the Executive's employment hereunder or service on the Board is terminated by the Executive for Good Reason or by the Company on account of its failure to renew the Agreement in accordance with Section  1 or without Cause (other than on account of the Executive's death or Disability), in each case within twenty four (24) months following a Change in Control, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the Accrued Amounts and the Executive shall be entitled to receive the following: 

(i)a lump sum payment equal to three times the sum of the Executive's Base Salary for the year in which the Termination Date occurs (or if greater, the year immediately preceding the year in which the Change in Control occurs), which shall be paid within thirty (30) days following the Termination Date.  
  
5  
  
(b) Notwithstanding the terms of any equity incentive plan or award agreements, as applicable, all outstanding unvested stock options granted to the Executive during the Employment Term shall become fully vested and exercisable for the remainder of their full term;

(c) For purposes of this Agreement, "Change in Control" shall mean the occurrence of any of the following:

(i)one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires ownership of stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such person or group, constitutes more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the stock of such corporation; provided that, a Change in Control shall not occur if any person (or more than one person acting as a group) owns more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of the Company's stock and acquires additional stock (excluding Zahav Resources);  
(ii)one person (or more than one person acting as a group) acquires (or has acquired during the twelve-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition) ownership of the Company's stock possessing 30% or more of the total voting power of the stock of such corporation (excluding Zahav Resources);  
(iii)a majority of the members of the Board are replaced during any twelve-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the Board before the date of appointment or election; or  
  
4.5 Removal from the Board. In the event of that the Executive is removed from the Board or fails to be reelected to the Board, the Executive shall be entitled to receive the following: 

(a) an increase in the Executive’s Base Salary in the amount of $100,000 payable in equal installments in accordance with the Company's normal payroll practices, but no less frequently than monthly, which shall commence on the Termination Date;

(b) a grant of ten million (10,000,000) shares of Common Stock, to be issued no later than thirty (30) days following the date the Executive is removed from the Board or fails to be reelected to the Board. 

4.6 Notice of Termination. Any termination of the Executive's employment hereunder by the Company or by the Executive during the Employment Term (other than termination pursuant to Section 4.3(a) on account of the Executive's death) shall be communicated by written notice of termination ("Notice of Termination") to the other party hereto in accordance with Section  15. The Notice of Termination shall specify: 

(a) The termination provision of this Agreement relied upon; 

6  
  
(b) To the extent applicable, the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination of the Executive's employment under the provision so indicated; and

(c) The applicable Termination Date.

4.7 Termination Date. The Executive's Termination Date shall be: 

(a) If the Executive's employment hereunder terminates on account of the Executive's death, the date of the Executive's death; 

(b) If the Executive's employment hereunder is terminated on account of the Executive's Disability, the date that it is determined that the Executive has a Disability;

(c) If the Executive terminates his employment hereunder with or without Good Reason, the date specified in the Executive's Notice of Termination, which shall be no less than fourteen (14) days following the date on which the Notice of Termination is delivered; and

(d) If the Executive's employment hereunder terminates because either party provides notice of non-renewal pursuant to Section  1, the Renewal Date immediately following the date on which the applicable party delivers notice of non-renewal. 

Notwithstanding anything contained herein, the Termination Date shall not occur until the date on which the Executive incurs a "separation from service" within the meaning of Section 409A.

4.8 Mitigation. In no event shall the Executive be obligated to seek other employment or take any other action by way of mitigation of the amounts payable to the Executive under any of the provisions of this Agreement, any amounts payable pursuant to this Section 4 shall not be reduced by compensation the Executive earns on account of employment with another employer.

4.9 Resignation of All Other Positions. Upon termination of the Executive's employment hereunder for any reason, the Executive shall be deemed to have resigned from all positions that the Executive holds as an officer or member of the board of directors (or a committee thereof) of the Company or any of its affiliates.

5. Cooperation. The parties agree that certain matters in which the Executive will be involved during the Employment Term may necessitate the Executive's cooperation in the future. Accordingly, following the termination of the Executive's employment for any reason, to the extent reasonably requested by the Board, the Executive shall cooperate with the Company in connection with matters arising out of the Executive's service to the Company; provided that, the Company shall make reasonable efforts to minimize disruption of the Executive's other activities. The Company shall reimburse the Executive for reasonable expenses incurred in connection with such cooperation and, to the extent that the Executive is required to spend substantial time on such matters, the Company shall compensate the Executive at an hourly rate.

7  
  
6. Confidential Information. The Executive understands and acknowledges that during the Employment Term, he will have access to and learn about Confidential Information, as defined below and the Executive shall return all Confidential information to the Company.

6.1 Confidential Information Defined. 

(a) Definition.

For purposes of this Agreement, "Confidential Information" includes, but is not limited to, all information not generally known to the public, in spoken, printed, electronic or any other form or medium, relating directly or indirectly to: business processes, practices, methods, policies, plans, documents, research, strategies, techniques, agreements, contracts, terms of agreements, potential transactions, negotiations, pending negotiations, know-how, trade secrets, applications, work-in-process, databases, records, material, sources of material, supplier information, vendor information, results, legal information, pricing information, credit information, supplier lists, vendor lists, developments, reports, discoveries, experimental processes, experimental results; and distributor lists of the Company or its businesses or of any other person or entity that has entrusted information to the Company in confidence.

The Executive understands that the above list is not exhaustive, and that Confidential Information also includes other information that is marked or otherwise identified as confidential or proprietary, or that would otherwise appear to a reasonable person to be confidential or proprietary in the context and circumstances in which the information is known or used.

The Executive understands and agrees that Confidential Information includes information developed by him in the course of his employment by the Company as if the Company furnished the same Confidential Information to the Executive in the first instance. Confidential Information shall not include information that is generally available to and known by the public at the time of disclosure to the Executive; provided that, such disclosure is through no direct or indirect fault of the Executive or person(s) acting on the Executive's behalf.

(b) Disclosure and Use Restrictions.

The Executive agrees and covenants: (i) to treat all Confidential Information as strictly confidential; (ii) not to directly or indirectly disclose, publish, communicate or make available Confidential Information, or allow it to be disclosed, published, communicated or made available, in whole or part, to any entity or person whatsoever (including other employees of the Company) not having a need to know and authority to know and use the Confidential Information in connection with the business of the Company and, in any event, not to anyone outside of the direct employ of the Company except as required in the performance of the Executive's authorized employment duties to the Company; and (iii) not to access or use any Confidential Information, and not to copy any documents, records, files, media or other resources containing any Confidential Information, or remove any such documents, records, files, media or other resources from the premises or control of the Company, except as required in the performance of the Executive's authorized employment duties to the Company or acting on behalf of the Company in each instance (and then, such disclosure shall be made only within the limits and to the extent of such duties or consent). Nothing herein shall be construed to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information as may be required by applicable law or regulation, or pursuant to the valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that the disclosure does not exceed the extent of disclosure required by such law, regulation or order.

8  
  
7. Restrictive Covenants.

7.1 Non-competition. Because of the Company's legitimate business interest as described herein and the good and valuable consideration offered to the Executive, during the Employment Term and for the term of one (1) year, to run consecutively, beginning on the last day of the Executive's employment with the Company, the Executive agrees and covenants not to engage in Prohibited Activity within the State of Nevada.

For purposes of this Section  7, "Prohibited Activity" is activity in which the Executive contributes his knowledge, in whole or in part, as an employee, employer, owner, operator, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, employee, partner, director, stockholder, officer, volunteer, intern or any other similar capacity to an entity engaged in the same or similar business as the Company, including those engaged in the business of mining and exploration in the State of Nevada. Prohibited Activity also includes activity that may require or inevitably requires disclosure of trade secrets, proprietary information or Confidential Information.

This Section 7 does not, in any way, restrict or impede the Executive from exercising protected rights to the extent that such rights cannot be waived by agreement or from complying with any applicable law or regulation or a valid order of a court of competent jurisdiction or an authorized government agency, provided that such compliance does not exceed that required by the law, regulation or order. The Executive shall promptly provide written notice of any such order to the Company.

8. Governing Law: Jurisdiction and Venue. This Agreement, for all purposes, shall be construed in accordance with the laws of New York without regard to conflicts of law principles. Any action or proceeding by either of the parties to enforce this Agreement shall be brought only in a state or federal court located in the State of New York. 

9. Entire Agreement. Unless specifically provided herein, this Agreement contains all of the understandings and representations between the Executive and the Company pertaining to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter. The parties mutually agree that the Agreement can be specifically enforced in court and can be cited as evidence in legal proceedings alleging breach of the Agreement. 

9  
  
10. Modification and Waiver. No provision of this Agreement may be amended or modified unless such amendment or modification is agreed to in writing by the parties. No waiver by either of the parties of any breach by the other party hereto of any condition or provision of this Agreement to be performed by the other party hereto shall be deemed a waiver of any similar or dissimilar provision or condition at the same or any prior or subsequent time, nor shall the failure of or delay by either of the parties in exercising any right, power or privilege hereunder operate as a waiver thereof to preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other such right, power or privilege.

11. Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be enforceable only if modified, or if any portion of this Agreement shall be held as unenforceable and thus stricken, such holding shall not affect the validity of the remainder of this Agreement, the balance of which shall continue to be binding upon the parties with any such modification to become a part hereof and treated as though originally set forth in this Agreement. 

The parties further agree that any such court is expressly authorized to modify any such unenforceable provision of this Agreement in lieu of severing such unenforceable provision from this Agreement in its entirety, whether by rewriting the offending provision, deleting any or all of the offending provision, adding additional language to this Agreement or by making such other modifications as it deems warranted to carry out the intent and agreement of the parties as embodied herein to the maximum extent permitted by law.

The parties expressly agree that this Agreement as so modified by the court shall be binding upon and enforceable against each of them. In any event, should one or more of the provisions of this Agreement be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other provisions hereof, and if such provision or provisions are not modified as provided above, this Agreement shall be construed as if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions had not been set forth herein.

12. Captions. Captions and headings of the sections and paragraphs of this Agreement are intended solely for convenience and no provision of this Agreement is to be construed by reference to the caption or heading of any section or paragraph.

13. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in separate counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

14. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement is personal to the Executive and shall not be assigned by the Executive. Any purported assignment by the Executive shall be null and void from the initial date of the purported assignment. The Company may assign this Agreement to any successor or assign (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, consolidation or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the Company and permitted successors and assigns.

10  
  
15. Notice. Notices and all other communications provided for in this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or sent by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, or by overnight carrier to the parties at the addresses set forth below (or such other addresses as specified by the parties by like notice):

If to the Company:

Rimrock Gold Corp.

3651 Lindell Rd Suite #D155

Las Vegas, NV 89103

If to the Executive:

Rimrock Gold Corp.

3651 Lindell Rd Suite #D155

Las Vegas, NV 89103

Attn: Jordan Starkman

16. Representations of the Executive. The Executive represents and warrants to the Company that:

16.1 The Executive's acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of his duties hereunder will not conflict with or result in a violation of, a breach of, or a default under any contract, agreement or understanding to which he is a party or is otherwise bound.

16.2 The Executive's acceptance of employment with the Company and the performance of his duties hereunder will not violate any non-solicitation, non-competition or other similar covenant or agreement of a prior employer.

17. Withholding. The Company shall have the right to withhold from any amount payable hereunder any Federal, state and local taxes in order for the Company to satisfy any withholding tax obligation it may have under any applicable law or regulation.

18. Survival. Upon the expiration or other termination of this Agreement, the respective rights and obligations of the parties hereto shall survive such expiration or other termination to the extent necessary to carry out the intentions of the parties under this Agreement.

19. Acknowledgment of Full Understanding. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS FULLY READ, UNDERSTANDS AND VOLUNTARILY ENTERS INTO THIS AGREEMENT. THE EXECUTIVE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT HE HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO ASK QUESTIONS AND CONSULT WITH AN ATTORNEY OF HIS CHOICE BEFORE SIGNING THIS AGREEMENT.

11  
  
[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

12  
  
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written.

RIMROCK GOLD CORP.

RIMROCK GOLD CORP.  
  
By_____________________

Name: Jordan Starkman

Title: President

By_____________________

Name: Richard Redfern

Title: Director  
  
JORDAN STARKMAN  
  
Signature: _____________________

Print Name: ____________________  
  
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT]

13
