Exhibit 10.4 

VIA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 



This Agreement is entered into as August 12, 2004, (the “Effective Date”) by and between VIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the “Company”), and Adeoye Olukotun (“Executive”). 

1\. Duties and Scope of Employment. 

(a) Positions and Duties. As of the Effective Date, Executive will serve as Chief Medical Officer of the Company. Executive will render such business and professional services in the performance of his duties, consistent with Executive’s position within the Company, as will reasonably be assigned to him by the Company’s Board of Directors (the “Board”). The period of Executive’s employment under this Agreement is referred to herein as the “Employment Term.” 

(b) Obligations. During the Employment Term, Executive will perform his duties faithfully and to the best of his ability and will devote substantially all of his business efforts and time to the Company. For the duration of the Employment Term, Executive agrees not to engage in any other employment, occupation or consulting activity other than those activities set forth on Exhibit A hereto, for any direct or indirect remuneration without the prior approval of the Board. 

2\. At-Will Employment. The parties agree that Executive’s employment with the Company will be “at-will” employment and may be terminated at any time with or without cause or notice. Executive understands and agrees that neither his job performance nor promotions, commendations, bonuses or the like from the Company give rise to or in any way serve as the basis for modification, amendment, or extension, by implication or otherwise, of his employment with the Company. 

3\. Compensation. 

(a) Base Salary. During the Employment Term, the Company will pay Executive an annual salary of $200,000 as compensation for his services (the “Base Salary”). The Base Salary will be paid periodically in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll practices and be subject to the usual, required withholding. Executive’s salary will be subject to review and adjustments will be made based upon the Company’s normal performance review practices. 

(b) Temporary Living Reimbursement. During the Employment Term, the Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable temporary housing and living expenses to be mutually agreed to by the Company and Executive. The total of all such amounts will not exceed $3,000 per month. 

4\. Employee Benefits. During the Employment Term, Executive will be entitled to participate in the employee benefit plans currently and hereafter maintained by the Company of general applicability to other senior executives of the Company, including, without limitation, the Company’s group medical, dental, vision, disability, life insurance, and flexible-spending account plans. The Company reserves the right to cancel or change the benefit plans and programs it offers to its employees at any time. 

* * *

5\. Vacation. Executive will be entitled to paid vacation in accordance with the Company’s vacation policy, with the timing and duration of specific vacations mutually and reasonably agreed to by the parties hereto. 

6\. Expenses. The Company will reimburse Executive for reasonable travel, entertainment or other expenses incurred by Executive in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of Executive’s duties hereunder, in accordance with the Company’s expense reimbursement policy as in effect from time to time. 

7\. Severance. 

(a) Involuntary Termination. If Executive’s employment with the Company terminates as a result of an Involuntary Termination (as defined herein) other than for “Cause” (as defined herein), death or disability, and Executive signs and does not revoke a standard release of claims with the Company, then, subject to Section 10, Executive will be entitled to (i) receive continuing payments of severance pay (less applicable withholding taxes) at a rate equal to his Base Salary rate, as then in effect, to be paid periodically in accordance with the Company’s normal payroll policies through the lesser of (x) a period of six (6) months from the date of such termination and (y) the date upon which Executive begins employment with another company and (ii) continued payment by the Company of the group health continuation coverage premiums for Executive and Executive’s eligible dependents under Title X of the Consolidated Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended (“COBRA”) as in effect through the lesser of (x) six (6) months from the effective date of such termination, (y) the date upon which Executive and Executive’s eligible dependents become covered under similar plans, or (z) the date Executive no longer constitutes a “Qualified Beneficiary” (as such term is defined in Section 4980B(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)); provided, however, that Executive will be solely responsible for electing such coverage within the required time periods. 

(b) Voluntary Termination; Termination for Cause. If Executive’s employment with the Company terminates voluntarily by Executive or for Cause by the Company, then (i) all payments of compensation by the Company to Executive hereunder will terminate immediately (except as to amounts already earned) and (ii) Executive will only be eligible for severance benefits in accordance with the Company’s established policies as then in effect. 

8\. Definitions. 

(a) Cause. For purposes of this Agreement, “Cause” is defined as (i) Executive’s failure to perform his assigned duties or responsibilities as an employee (other than a failure resulting from the Purchaser’s disability (as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code) after notice thereof from the Company describing Executive’s failure to perform such duties or responsibilities; (ii) Executive engaging in any act of dishonesty, fraud or misrepresentation; (iii) Executive’s violation of any federal or state law or regulation 

2 

* * *

applicable to the Company’s business; (iv) Executive’s breach of any confidentiality agreement or invention assignment agreement between Executive and the Company; or (v) Executive being convicted of, or entering a plea of nolo contendere to, any crime or committing any act of moral turpitude. 

(b) Effective Date. The date on which the Company first issues convertible promissory notes with an aggregate principal amount of not less than $1,500,000 with the principal purpose of raising capital will be the “Effective Date” of this Agreement and this Agreement will he null and void and have no effect until and unless the Effective Date Occurs. 

(c) Involuntary Termination. For purposes of this Agreement, “Involuntary Termination” will mean without the Executive’s express written consent (i) a significant reduction of the Executive’s duties, position or responsibilities; (ii) a significant reduction by the Company in the Base Salary of the Executive as in effect immediately prior to such reduction; (iii) a material reduction by the Company in the kind or level of employee benefits to which the Executive is entitled immediately prior to such reduction with the result that the Executive’s overall benefits package is significantly reduced; or (iv) the relocation of the Executive to a facility or a location more than 50 miles from the Executive’s then present location. 

9\. Confidential Information. Executive agrees to enter into the Company’s standard Confidential Information and Invention Assignment Agreement (the “Confidential Information Agreement”) upon commencing employment hereunder. 

10\. Conditional Nature of Severance Payments. 

(a) Non-Solicitation. Until the date one (1) year after the termination of Executive’s employment with the Company for any reason, Executive agrees not, either directly or indirectly, to solicit, induce, attempt to hire, recruit, encourage, take away, hire any employee of the Parent or the Company or cause an employee to leave his or her employment either for Executive or for any other entity or person. Additionally, Executive acknowledges that Executive’s right to receive the severance payments set forth in Section 7 (to the extent Executive is otherwise entitled to such payments) are contingent upon Executive complying with this Section 10(a) and upon any breach of this section all severance payments pursuant to this Agreement will immediately cease. 

(b) Understanding of Covenant. Executive represents that he (i) is familiar with the foregoing covenant not to solicit, and (ii) is fully aware of his obligations hereunder, including, without limitation, the reasonableness of the length of time, scope and geographic coverage of these covenants. 

11\. Assignment. This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors and legal representatives of Executive upon Executive’s death and (b) any successor of the Company. Any such successor of the Company will be deemed substituted for the Company under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, “successor” means any person, firm, corporation or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of 

3 

* * *

compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance or other disposition of Executive’s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void. 

12\. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications called for hereunder will be in writing and will be deemed given (i) on the date of delivery if delivered personally, (ii) one (1) day after being sent by a well established commercial overnight service, or (iii) four (4) days after being mailed by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, prepaid and addressed to the parties or their successors at the following addresses, or at such other addresses as the parties may later designate in writing: 

If to the Company: 

VIA Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

750 Battery Street, Suite 400 

San Francisco, CA 94111 

Attention: Chairman of the Board of Directors 

Telephone: (415) 676-3830 

Facsimile: (415) 837-0503 

If to Executive: 

at the last residential address known by the Company. 

13\. Severability. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Agreement will continue in full force and effect without said provision. 

14\. Arbitration. 

(a) General. In consideration of Executive’s service to the Company, its promise to arbitrate all employment related disputes and Executive’s receipt of the compensation, pay raises and other benefits paid to Executive by the Company, at present and in the future, Executive agrees that any and all controversies, claims, or disputes with anyone (including the Company and any employee, officer, director, shareholder or benefit plan of the Company in their capacity as such or otherwise) arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Executive’s service to the Company under this Agreement or otherwise or the termination of Executive’s service with the Company, including any breach of this Agreement, will be subject to binding arbitration under the Arbitration Rules set forth in California Code of Civil Procedure Section 1280 through 1294.2, including Section 1283.05 (the “Rules”) and pursuant to California law. Disputes which Executive agrees to arbitrate, and thereby agrees to waive any right to a trial by jury, include any statutory claims under state or federal law, including, but not limited to, claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Older Workers Benefit Protection Act, the California Fair Employment and Housing Act, the California Labor Code, claims of harassment, discrimination or wrongful termination and any statutory claims. Executive further understands that this Agreement to arbitrate also applies to any disputes that the Company may have with Executive. 

4 

* * *

(b) Procedure. Executive agrees that any arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and that a neutral arbitrator will be selected in a manner consistent with its National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes. The arbitration proceedings will allow for discovery according to the rules set forth in the National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes or California Code of Civil Procedure. Executive agrees that the arbitrator will have the power to decide any motions brought by any party to the arbitration, including motions for summary judgment and/or adjudication and motions to dismiss and demurrers, prior to any arbitration hearing. Executive agrees that the arbitrator will issue a written decision on time merits. Executive also agrees that the arbitrator will have the power to award any remedies, including attorneys’ fees and costs, available under applicable law. Executive understands the Company will pay for any administrative or hearing fees charged by the arbitrator or AAA except that Executive will pay the first $125.00 of any filing fees associated with any arbitration Executive initiates. Executive agrees that the arbitrator will administer and conduct any arbitration in a manner consistent with the Rules and that to the extent that the AAA’s National Rules for the Resolution of Employment Disputes conflict with the Rules, the Rules will take precedence. 

(c) Remedy. Except as provided by the Rules, arbitration will be the sole, exclusive and final remedy for any dispute between Executive and the Company. Accordingly, except as provided for by the Rules, neither Executive nor the Company will be permitted to pursue court action regarding claims that are subject to arbitration. Notwithstanding, the arbitrator will not have the authority to disregard or refuse to enforce any lawful Company policy, and the arbitrator will not order or require the Company to adopt a policy not otherwise required by law which the Company has not adopted. 

(d) Availability of Injunctive Relief. In addition to the right under the Rules to petition the court for provisional relief, Executive agrees that any party may also petition the court for injunctive relief where either party alleges or claims a violation of this Agreement or the Confidential Information Agreement or any other agreement regarding trade secrets, confidential information, nonsolicitation or Labor Code §2870. In the event either party seeks injunctive relief, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover reasonable costs and attorneys fees. 

(e) Administrative Relief. Executive understands that this Agreement does not prohibit Executive from pursuing an administrative claim with a local, state or federal administrative body such as the Department of Fair Employment and Housing, the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission or the workers’ compensation board. This Agreement does, however, preclude Executive from pursuing court action regarding any such claim. 

(f) Voluntary Nature of Agreement. Executive acknowledges and agrees that Executive is executing this Agreement voluntarily and without any duress or undue influence by the Company or anyone else. Executive further acknowledges and agrees that Executive has carefully read this Agreement and that Executive has asked any questions needed for Executive to understand the terms, consequences and binding effect of this Agreement and fully understand it, including that Executive is waiving Executive’s 

5 

* * *

right to a jury trial. Finally, Executive agrees that Executive has been provided an opportunity to seek the advice of an attorney of Executive’s choice before signing this Agreement. 

15\. Integration. This Agreement, together with the Confidential Information Agreement, represents the entire agreement and understanding between the parties as to the subject matter herein and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous agreements whether written or oral. No waiver, alteration, or modification of any of the provisions of this Agreement will be binding unless in writing and signed by duly authorized representatives of the parties hereto. 

16\. Waiver of Breach. The waiver of a breach of any term or provision of this Agreement, which must be in writing, will not operate as or be construed to be a waiver of any other previous or subsequent breach of this Agreement. 

17\. Headings. All captions and section headings used in this Agreement are for convenient reference only and do not form a part of this Agreement. 

18\. Tax Withholding. All payments made pursuant to this Agreement will be subject to withholding of applicable taxes. 

19\. Governing Law. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California (with the exception of its conflict of laws provisions). 

20\. Acknowledgment. Executive acknowledges that he has had the opportunity to discuss this matter with and obtain advice from his private attorney, has had sufficient time to, and has carefully read and fully understands all the provisions of this Agreement, and is knowingly and voluntarily entering into this Agreement. 

21\. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, and each counterpart will have the same force and effect as an original and will constitute an effective, binding agreement on the part of each of the undersigned. 

[Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank.] 

6 

* * *

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each of the parties has executed this Agreement, in the case of the Company by their duly authorized officers, as of the day and year first above written.   
  
COMPANY:  
VIA PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  
By:

/s/ Lawrence K. Cohen

Date: 8/12/04  
Title: Chief Executive Officer  
EXECUTIVE:  
  
/s/ Adeoye Olukotun

Date: 8/12/04  
Adeoye Olukotun  
  
[SIGNATURE PAGE TO EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT] 

* * *

Exhibit A 

Approved Employment, Occupation or Consulting Activities 

CEO, CRStrategies LLC 

66 Witherspoon Street #355 

Princeton, New Jersey 08525 
