Exhibit 10.10



This AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is made as of the date signed (the “Effective Date”), by and between Incentra Helio Acquisition Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Employer”) with its headquarters located in Boulder, Colorado (the “Employer”), and Dave Condensa (the “Executive”). In consideration of the mutual covenants contained in this Agreement, the Employer and the Executive agree as follows:

1\. Employment. The Employer agrees to employ the Executive and the Executive agrees to be employed by the Employer on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

2\. Capacity; Location. The Executive shall serve the Employer as President. In his capacity as President, Executive will report to the President (the “President ”) of Incentra Solutions, Inc., a Nevada corporation, the parent corporation of Employer (“Parent”), and shall be responsible for Employer’s overall operations activities subject to the direction of the President. In such capacity, the Executive shall perform such services and duties in connection with the business, affairs and operations of the Employer as may be assigned or delegated to the Executive from time to time by or under the authority of the President. Executive’s employment with Employer will be based in Employer’s Santa Clara, California, offices; provided, that Employee may be required from time to time to travel in connection with Employer’s business needs.

3\. Term. The term of this Agreement shall be three (3) years unless otherwise terminated in accordance with its provisions.

4\. Compensation and Benefits. The regular compensation and benefits payable to the Executive under this Agreement shall be as follows:  
  
(a) Salary. For all services rendered by the Executive under this Agreement, the Employer shall pay the Executive a salary (the “Salary”) at the annual rate of One Hundred Twenty Thousand Dollars ($120,000.00), subject to increase from time to time in the discretion of the Employer. The Salary shall be payable in periodic installments in accordance with the Employer’s usual practice for its senior executives.   
  
(b) Bonus and Commissions. For the fiscal year ending December 31, 2007, Executive shall be eligible for an annual bonus based upon performance as determined by the Compensation Committee of Employer’s Board of Directors   
  
1

* * *  
  
(the “Compensation Committee”). Thereafter, Executive shall be eligible to participate in an incentive program established by the Compensation Committee of Employer’, with such terms as may be established in the sole discretion of the Compensation Committee. For the period from September 1, 2007 to August 31, 2008, Executive shall be entitled to receive commissions as set forth in Exhibit A hereto.  
  
(c) Regular Benefits. The Executive shall be entitled to health insurance benefits from Employer, and shall also be entitled to participate in any employee benefit plans, life insurance plans, disability income plans, retirement plans, expense reimbursement plans and other benefit plans which the Employer may from time to time have in effect for all or most of its executive management employees. Such participation shall be subject to the terms of the applicable plan documents, generally applicable policies of the Employer, applicable law and the discretion of the Employer or any administrative or other committee provided for in or contemplated by any such plan. Except with respect to the aforementioned health insurance benefits, nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed to create any obligation on the part of the Employer to establish any such plan or to maintain the effectiveness of any such plan which may be in effect from time to time.  
  
(d) Vacation. The Executive shall be entitled to vacation according to Employer’s vacation policy, such vacation time to accrue on a per-pay-period basis.  
  
(e) Taxation of Payments and Benefits. The Employer shall undertake to make deductions, withholdings and tax reports with respect to payments and benefits under this Agreement to the extent that it reasonably and in good faith believes that it is required to make such deductions, withholdings and tax reports. Payments under this Agreement shall be in amounts net of any such deductions or withholdings. Nothing in this Agreement shall be construed to require the Employer to make any payments to compensate the Executive for any adverse tax effect associated with any payments or benefits or for any deduction or withholding from any payment or benefit.  
  
(f) Expenses. The Employer shall reimburse the Executive for all reasonable and necessary business related travel and other business expenses incurred or paid by the Executive in performing his duties under this Agreement and which are consistent with applicable policies of the Employer. All payments for reimbursement of such expenses shall be made upon presentation by the Executive of expense statements or vouchers and such other supporting information as the Employer may from time to time reasonably request.  
  
(g) Stock Options. Executive shall also be eligible for participation in Employer’s Parent’s Stock Option Plan, and Executive shall be entitled to receive incentive stock options pursuant to the terms of option agreements.  
  
2

* * *  
  
(h) Exclusivity of Salary and Benefits. The Executive shall not be entitled to any payments or benefits other than those provided under this Agreement, except as otherwise approved by the Compensation Committee.  
  
5\. Extent of Service. During the Executive’s employment under this Agreement, the Executive shall devote the Executive’s full business time, best efforts and business judgment, skill and knowledge to the advancement of the Employer’s interests and to the discharge of the Executive’s duties and responsibilities under this Agreement. The Executive shall not engage in any other business activity, except as may be approved by the Employer; provided, that nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as preventing the Executive from:  
  
(a) investing the Executive’s assets in any company or other entity in a manner not prohibited by Section 7(d) and in such form or manner as shall not require any material activities on the Executive’s part in connection with the operations or affairs of the companies or other entities in which such investments are made; or  
  
(b) engaging in religious, charitable or other community or non-profit activities that do not impair the Executive’s ability to fulfill the Executive’s duties and responsibilities under this Agreement.  
  
6\. Termination. The Executive’s employment under this Agreement shall terminate under the following circumstances set forth in this Section 6.  
  
(a) Termination by the Employer for Cause. The Executive’s employment under this Agreement may be terminated for “Cause” without further liability on the part of the Employer, effective immediately upon a vote of the managers of the Employer and written notice to the Executive. Only the following shall constitute “Cause” for such termination:  
  
(i) dishonest or fraudulent statements or acts of the Executive with respect to the Employer or any affiliate of the Employer;   
  
(ii) the Executive’s conviction of, or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere for, (A) a felony or (B) any misdemeanor (excluding minor traffic violations) involving moral turpitude, deceit, dishonesty or fraud;  
  
(iii) gross negligence, willful misconduct or insubordination of the Executive with respect to the Employer or any affiliate of the Employer; or  
  
(iv) material breach by the Executive of any of the Executive’s obligations under this Agreement,.  
  
3

* * *  
  
(b) Termination by the Executive. The Executive’s employment under this Agreement may be terminated unilaterally by the Executive by written notice to Employer at least thirty (30) days prior to such termination.  
  
(c) Termination by Executive For Good Reason. The Executive may, at his option, terminate Executive’s employment for “Good Reason” by giving a notice of termination to Employer in the event that: (i) there is a failure of Employer (or successor employer) to promptly pay Executive’s salary or additional compensation or benefits hereunder in accordance with this Agreement in any material respect, (ii) Executive is assigned duties substantially inconsistent with his title without Executive’s prior written consent, (iii) Executive’s principal place of employment is assigned to a geographic location not agreed to by Executive, or (iv) any other material violation or breach by Employer of this Agreement. It shall also be considered Good Reason for termination by Executive if, in the event of a Change of Control (as hereinafter defined), any successor employer fails to fully assume Employer’s obligations under this Agreement. For the purposes of this Agreement, a “Change of Control” shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events: (A) a dissolution or liquidation of the Employer; (B) a sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the Employer’s assets; (C) a merger or consolidation involving the Employer in which stockholders of the Employer immediately prior to such transaction do not own a majority of the voting power of the Employer or its successor immediately after such transaction; or (D) a sale or other transfer of capital stock of Employer in one or a series of related transactions whereby an individual or “group” (as such term is used in Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) which did not previously have direct or indirect “control” (as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of Employer acquires such control.  
  
(d) Termination by the Employer Without Cause. Subject to the payment of Termination Benefits pursuant to Section 6(e), the Executive’s employment under this Agreement may be terminated by the Employer without Cause upon written notice to the Executive (a termination “Without Cause”).  
  
(e) Certain Termination Benefits. Unless otherwise specifically provided in this Agreement or otherwise required by law, all compensation and benefits payable to the Executive under this Agreement shall terminate on the date of termination of the Executive’s employment under this Agreement, if and only if such termination is consistent with termination For Cause under Section 6(a), or unilateral termination by the Executive under Section 6(b) above. In the event of termination of the Executive’s employment with the Employer is for Good Reason pursuant to Section 6(c) or Without Cause pursuant to Section 6(d) above, the Employer shall provide to the Executive the following termination benefits (“Termination Benefits”):  
  
4

* * *  
  
(i) payment of the Executive’s Salary at the rate then in effect pursuant to Section 4(a) for the period from the date of termination until the date which is six (6) months after the date of termination; and  
  
(ii) continuation of group health plan benefits to the extent authorized by and consistent with 29 U.S.C. § 1161 et seq. (commonly known as “COBRA”), with the cost of the regular premium for such benefits shared in the same relative proportion by the Employer and the Executive as in effect on the date of termination for twelve (12) months and at a cost of 102% of premium provided under COBRA, for up to an additional six (6) months.  
  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 6(e) shall be construed to affect the Executive’s right to receive COBRA continuation entirely at the Executive’s own cost to the extent that the Executive may continue to be entitled to COBRA continuation after the Executive’s right to cost sharing under Section 6(d)(ii) ceases.  
  
(f) Disability. If the Executive shall be disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive’s then existing position or positions under this Agreement with reasonable accommodation, the Employer may remove the Executive from any responsibilities and/or reassign the Executive to another position with the Employer during the period of such disability. Notwithstanding any such removal or reassignment, the Executive shall continue to receive all payments and benefits contemplated under this Agreement the same as if the Executive employment with Employer was terminated Without Cause (in which case Executive would receive all Termination Benefits, less any disability pay or sick pay benefits to which the Executive may be entitled under the Employer’s policies). If any question shall arise as to whether during any period the Executive is disabled so as to be unable to perform the essential functions of the Executive’s then existing position or positions with reasonable accommodation, the Executive may, and at the request of the Employer shall, submit to the Employer a certification in reasonable detail by a physician selected by the Employer to whom the Executive or the Executive’s guardian has no reasonable objection as to whether the Executive is so disabled or how long such disability is expected to continue, and such certification shall for the purposes of this Agreement be conclusive of the issue. The Executive shall cooperate with any reasonable request of the physician in connection with such certification. If such question shall arise and the Executive shall fail to submit such certification, the Employer’s determination of such issue shall be binding on the Executive. Nothing in this Section 6(f) shall be construed to waive the Executive’s rights, if any, under existing law including, without limitation, the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, 29 U.S.C. §2601 et seq. and the Americans with Disabilities Act, 42 U.S.C. §12101 et seq.  
  
5

* * *  
  
7\. Confidential Information, Noncompetition and Cooperation.   
  
(a) Confidential Information. As used in this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means information belonging to the Employer which is of value to the Employer in the course of conducting its business and the disclosure of which could result in a competitive or other disadvantage to the Employer. Confidential Information includes, without limitation, financial information, reports, and forecasts; inventions, improvements and other intellectual property; trade secrets; know-how; designs, processes or formulae; software; market or sales information or plans; customer lists; and business plans, prospects and opportunities (such as possible acquisitions or dispositions of businesses or facilities) which have been discussed or considered by the management of the Employer. Confidential Information includes information developed by the Executive in the course of the Executive’s employment by the Employer, as well as other information to which the Executive may have access in connection with the Executive’s employment. Confidential Information also includes the confidential information of others with which the Employer has a business relationship. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information in the public domain, unless due to breach of the Executive’s duties under Section 7(b).  
  
(b) Confidentiality. The Executive understands and agrees that the Executive’s employment creates a relationship of confidence and trust between the Executive and the Employer with respect to all Confidential Information. At all times, both during the Executive’s employment with the Employer and after its termination, the Executive will keep in confidence and trust all such Confidential Information, and will not use or disclose any such Confidential Information without the written consent of the Employer, except as may be necessary in the ordinary course of performing the Executive’s duties to the Employer.  
  
(c) Documents, Records, etc. All documents, records, data, apparatus, equipment and other physical property, whether or not pertaining to Confidential Information, which are furnished to the Executive by the Employer or are produced by the Executive in connection with the Executive’s employment will be and remain the sole property of the Employer. The Executive will return to the Employer all such materials and property as and when requested by the Employer. In any event, the Executive will return all such materials and property immediately upon termination of the Executive’s employment for any reason. The Executive will not retain with the Executive any such material or property or any copies thereof after such termination.  
  
(d) Noncompetition and Nonsolicitation. Without the prior written consent of Employer, during the period that Executive is employed by Employer and for five (5) years thereafter, the Executive (i) will not, directly or indirectly, whether as owner, partner, shareholder, consultant, agent, employee, co-venturer or otherwise, engage, participate, assist or invest in any Competing Business (as   
  
6

* * *  
  
hereinafter defined); (ii) will refrain from directly or indirectly recruiting or otherwise soliciting, inducing or influencing any person to leave employment with the Employer; and (iii) will refrain from soliciting or encouraging any customer or supplier to terminate or otherwise modify adversely its business relationship with the Employer. The Executive understands that the restrictions set forth in this Section 7(d) are intended to protect the Employer’s interest in its Confidential Information and established employee, customer and supplier relationships and goodwill, and agrees that such restrictions are reasonable and appropriate for this purpose. The Executive’s obligation to keep the Confidential Information confidential expires at the same time as indicated in the first sentence of this subparagraph (d). For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Competing Business” shall mean any business that provides or intends to provide the same or similar types of services or products as those provided by Employer, its parent company, or any of such parent company’s subsidiaries during Executive’s employment with the Company in any geographic area then served by Employer, Employer’s parent company, or any of such parent company’s subsidiaries. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Executive may own up to two percent (2%) of the outstanding stock of a publicly held corporation.  
  
(e) Third-Party Agreements and Rights. The Executive hereby confirms that the Executive is not bound by the terms of any agreement with any previous employer or other party which restricts in any way the Executive’s use or disclosure of information or the Executive’s engagement in any business. The Executive represents to the Employer that the Executive’s execution of this Agreement, the Executive’s employment with the Employer and the performance of the Executive’s proposed duties for the Employer will not violate any obligations the Executive may have to any such previous employer or other party. In the Executive’s work for the Employer, the Executive will not disclose or make use of any information in violation of any agreements with or rights of any such previous employer or other party, and the Executive will not bring to the premises of the Employer any copies or other tangible embodiments of non-public information belonging to or obtained from any such previous employment or other party.  
  
(f) Litigation and Regulatory Cooperation. During and after the Executive’s employment, the Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Employer in the defense or prosecution of any claims or actions now in existence or which may be brought in the future against or on behalf of the Employer which relate to events or occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Employer. The Executive’s full reasonable cooperation in connection with such claims or actions shall include, but not be limited to, being available to meet with counsel to prepare for discovery or trial and to act as a witness on behalf of the Employer at mutually convenient times. During and after the Executive’s employment, the Executive also shall cooperate reasonably with the Employer in connection with any investigation or review of any federal, state or local regulatory authority as any such investigation or review relates to events or  
  
7

* * *  
  
occurrences that transpired while the Executive was employed by the Employer. The Employer shall reimburse the Executive for any reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with the Executive’s performance of obligations pursuant to this Section 7(f) and shall pay the Executive for his time at his annual salary rate in effect at the time of the termination of his employment.  
  
(g) Injunction. The Executive agrees that it would be difficult to measure any damages caused to the Employer which might result from any breach by the Executive of the promises set forth in this Section 7, and that in any event money damages would be an inadequate remedy for any such breach. Accordingly, subject to Section 8 of this Agreement, the Executive agrees that if the Executive breaches, or proposes to breach, any portion of this Agreement, the Employer shall be entitled, in addition to all other remedies that it may have, to an injunction or other appropriate equitable relief to restrain any such breach without showing or proving any actual monetary yet sustained by Employer.  
  
8\. Arbitration of Disputes. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof or otherwise arising out of the Executive’s employment or the termination of that employment (including, without limitation, any claims of unlawful employment discrimination whether based on age or otherwise) shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be settled by arbitration in any forum and form agreed upon by the parties or, in the absence of such an agreement, under the auspices of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) in Denver, Colorado, in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules of the AAA, including, but not limited to, the rules and procedures applicable to the selection of arbitrators. In the event that any person or entity other than the Executive or the Employer may be a party with regard to any such controversy or claim, such controversy or claim shall be submitted to arbitration subject to such other person or entity’s agreement. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof. This Section 8 shall be specifically enforceable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Section 8 shall not preclude either party from pursuing a court action for the sole purpose of obtaining a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction in circumstances in which such relief is appropriate; provided, that any other relief shall be pursued through an arbitration proceeding pursuant to this Section 8.

9\. Consent to Jurisdiction. To the extent that any court action is permitted consistent with or to enforce Section 8 of this Agreement, the parties hereby consent to the jurisdiction of the courts of the State of Colorado. Accordingly, with respect to any such court action, the Executive and Employer both (a) submit to the personal jurisdiction of such courts; (b) consent to service of process; and (c) waive any other requirement (whether imposed by statute, rule of court, or otherwise) with respect to personal jurisdiction or service of process.

10\. Integration. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements between the parties with respect to any related subject matter.

8

* * *

11\. Assignment; Successors and Assigns, etc. Neither the Employer nor the Executive may make any assignment of this Agreement or any interest herein, by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, that the Employer may assign its rights under this Agreement without the consent of the Executive in the event that the Employer shall effect a reorganization, consolidate with or merge into any other corporation, partnership, organization or other entity, or transfer all or substantially all of its properties or assets to any other corporation, partnership, organization or other entity. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the Employer and the Executive, their respective successors, executors, administrators, heirs and permitted assigns.

12\. Enforceability. If any portion or provision of this Agreement (including, without limitation, any portion or provision of any section of this Agreement) shall to any extent be declared illegal or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, then the remainder of this Agreement, or the application of such portion or provision in circumstances other than those as to which it is so declared illegal or unenforceable, shall not be affected thereby, and each portion and provision of this Agreement shall be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law.

13\. Waiver. No waiver of any provision hereof shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by the waiving party. The failure of any party to require the performance of any term or obligation of this Agreement, or the waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement, shall not prevent any subsequent enforcement of such term or obligation or be deemed a waiver of any subsequent breach.

14\. Notices. Any notices, requests, demands and other communications provided for by this Agreement shall be sufficient if in writing and delivered in person or sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier service or by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, return receipt requested, to the Executive at the last address the Executive has filed in writing with the Employer or, in the case of the Employer, at 1140 Pearl Street, Boulder, CO 80302, ATTN: Thomas P. Sweeney III, and shall be effective on the date of delivery in person or by courier or three (3) days after the date mailed.

15\. Amendment. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by a written instrument signed by the Executive and by a duly authorized representative of the Employer.

16\. Governing Law. This is an Illinois contract and shall be construed under and be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Colorado, without giving effect to the conflict of laws principles of such State.

17\. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be taken to be an original; but such counterparts shall together constitute one and the same document.

9

* * *

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been executed by the Employer and by the Executive as of the ___ day of August 2007.  
  
INCENTRA HELIO ACQUISITION CORP.  
  
By:   
  
* * *  
  
Name: 

Thomas P. Sweeney III  
  
Title: 

Chief Executive Officer  
  
EXECUTIVE:  
  
* * *  
  
10

* * *
