Exhibit 10.3

HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC.  


Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. has granted to the Participant named in the Notice of Grant of Stock Option (the “Grant Notice”) to which this Stock Option Agreement (the “Option Agreement”) is attached an option (the “Option”) to purchase certain shares of Stock upon the terms and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice and this Option Agreement. The Option has been granted pursuant to and shall in all respects be subject to the terms and conditions of the Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. 2011 Stock Plan (the “Plan”), as amended to the Date of Grant, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference. By signing the Grant Notice, the Participant: (a) acknowledges receipt of and represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement, the Plan and a prospectus for the Plan in the form most recently registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Plan Prospectus”), (b) accepts the Option subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement and the Plan and (c) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement or the Plan. 

1. Definitions and Construction.

1.1 Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Grant Notice or the Plan. Wherever used herein, the following terms shall have their respective meanings set forth below: 

(a) “Cause” means, solely for purposes of this Option Agreement as determined in good faith by the Committee, which determination will be conclusive, the Participant’s: 

(i) conviction of, or plea of nolo contendere to, a felony or crime involving moral turpitude; 

(ii) fraud on or misappropriation of any funds or property of the Participating Company Group, or any customer or vendor; 

(iii) personal dishonesty, incompetence, willful misconduct, willful violation of any law, rule, or regulation (other than minor traffic violations or similar offenses), or breach of fiduciary duty that involves personal profit; 

(iv) willful misconduct in connection with the Participant’s duties or willful failure to perform the Participant’s responsibilities in the best interests of the Participating Company; 

(v) illegal use or distribution of drugs; 

(vi) violation of any Participating Company rule, regulation, procedure, or policy; or 

(v) breach of any provision of any employment, nondisclosure, nonsolicitation, or other similar agreement executed by the Participant for the benefit of the Company. 

(b) “Good Reason” means, solely for purposes of this Option Agreement, without the Participant’s consent, any of the following conditions: 

(i) a material diminution in the Participant’s annual base salary; 

(ii) a material diminution in the Participant’s title, position, duties, or responsibilities, or the assignment to the Participant of duties that are materially inconsistent with the scope of duties and responsibilities associated with the Participant’s position immediately before the Change in Control; 

(iii) a material diminution in the authority, duties, or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom the Participant is required to report; 

(iv) a material diminution in the budget over which the Participant retains authority; 

(v) any requirement by the Participating Company that the Participant physically relocate from the Participant’s current work location to another work location 30 or more miles away; or 

(vi) any other action or inaction that constitutes a material breach by the Participating Company of its obligations under any employment agreement in effect at the relevant time between Participant and the Participating Company; 

so long as Participant notifies the Participating Company no later than ninety (90) days after the existence of any of these conditions and the Participating Company fails to cure the condition within thirty (30) days after receipt of the notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Good Reason exists unless the Participant’s termination of employment occurs no later than one (1) year after the initial existence of any condition listed in this Section 1.1(b). 

(c) “Termination After a Change in Control” means the occurrence of any of the following events upon, or within twelve (12) months after, a the occurrence of a Change in Control: 

(i) termination by the Participating Company of the Participant’s Service for any reason other than Cause, the Participant’s death or the Participant’s Disability; or 

(ii) failure by the Participating Company Group to renew an employment agreement under which the Participant provides Service as an Employee, provided that the Participant was willing and able to execute a new employment agreement providing terms and conditions substantially similar to those of the expiring employment agreement and to continue providing such Service; or 

(iii) the Participant’s resignation for Good Reason from all capacities in which the Participant is then rendering Service. 

1.2 Construction. Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Option Agreement. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. Use of the term “or” is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 

2. Tax Consequences.

2.1 Tax Status of Option. This Option is intended to have the tax status designated in the Grant Notice. 

(a) Incentive Stock Option. If the Grant Notice so designates, this Option is intended to be an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code up to the amount of the applicable statutory limit, but the Company does not represent or warrant that this Option qualifies as such. The Participant should consult with the Participant’s own tax advisor regarding the tax effects of this Option and the requirements necessary to obtain favorable income tax treatment under Section 422 of the Code, including, but not limited to, holding period requirements. (NOTE TO PARTICIPANT: If the Option is exercised more than three (3) months after the date on which you cease to be an Employee (other than by reason of your death or permanent and total disability as defined in Section 22(e)(3) of the Code), the Option will be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option and not as an Incentive Stock Option to the extent required by Section 422 of the Code.) 

(b) Nonstatutory Stock Option. If the Grant Notice so designates, this Option is intended to be a Nonstatutory Stock Option and shall not be treated as an Incentive Stock Option within the meaning of Section 422(b) of the Code. 

2.2 ISO Fair Market Value Limitation. If the Grant Notice designates this Option as an Incentive Stock Option, then to the extent that the Option (together with all Incentive Stock Options granted to the Participant under all stock option plans of the Participating Company Group, including the Plan) becomes exercisable for the first time during any calendar year for shares having a Fair Market Value greater than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000), the portion of such Options which exceeds such amount will be treated as Nonstatutory Stock Options. For purposes of this Section 2.2, Options designated as Incentive Stock Options are taken into account in the order in which they were granted, and the Fair Market Value of Stock is determined as of the time the Option with respect to such Stock is granted. If the Code is amended to provide for a different limitation from that set forth in this Section 2.2, such different limitation shall be deemed incorporated herein effective as of the date required or permitted by such amendment to the Code. If the Option is treated as an Incentive Stock Option in part and as a Nonstatutory Stock Option in part by reason of the limitation set forth in this Section 2.2, the Participant may designate which portion of such Option the Participant is exercising. In the absence of such designation, the Participant shall be deemed to have exercised the Incentive Stock Option portion of the Option first. Separate certificates representing each such portion shall be issued upon the exercise of the Option. (NOTE TO PARTICIPANT: If the aggregate Exercise Price of the Option (that is, the Exercise Price per Share multiplied by the Number of Option Shares) plus the aggregate exercise price of any other Incentive Stock Options you hold (whether granted pursuant to the Plan or any other stock option plan of the Participating Company Group) is greater than One Hundred Thousand Dollars ($100,000), you should contact the Chief Financial Officer of the Company to ascertain whether the entire Option qualifies as an Incentive Stock Option.) 

3. Administration.

All questions of interpretation concerning this Option Agreement shall be determined by the Committee. All determinations by the Committee shall be final and binding upon all persons having an interest in the Option. Any Officer shall have the authority to act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has been delegated such authority by the Committee with respect to such matter, right, obligation, or election. 

4. Exercise of the Option.

4.1 Right to Exercise. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Option shall be exercisable on and after the Initial Vesting Date and prior to the termination of the Option (as provided in Section 6) in an amount not to exceed the number of Vested Shares less the number of shares previously acquired upon exercise of the Option. In no event shall the Option be exercisable for more shares than the Number of Option Shares, as adjusted pursuant to Section 9. 

4.2 Method of Exercise. Exercise of the Option shall be by means of electronic or written notice (the “Exercise Notice”) in a form authorized by the Company. An electronic Exercise Notice must be digitally signed or authenticated by the Participant in such manner as required by the notice and transmitted to the Company or an authorized representative of the Company (including a third-party administrator designated by the Company). In the event that the Participant is not authorized or is unable to provide an electronic Exercise Notice, the Option shall be exercised by a written Exercise Notice addressed to the Company, which shall be signed by the Participant and delivered in person, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, by confirmed facsimile transmission, or by such other means as the Company may permit, to the Company, or an authorized representative of the Company (including a third-party administrator designated by the Company). Each Exercise Notice, whether electronic or written, must state the Participant’s election to exercise the Option, the number of whole shares of Stock for which the Option is being exercised and such other representations and agreements as to the Participant’s investment intent with respect to such shares as may be required pursuant to the provisions of this Option Agreement. Further, each Exercise Notice must be received by the Company prior to the termination of the Option as set forth in Section 6 and must be accompanied by full payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of shares of Stock being purchased. The Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such electronic or written Exercise Notice and the aggregate Exercise Price. 

4.3 Payment of Exercise Price.

(a) Forms of Consideration Authorized. Except as otherwise provided below, payment of the aggregate Exercise Price for the number of shares of Stock for which the Option is being exercised shall be made (i) in cash or by check or cash equivalent, (ii) if permitted by the Company, by tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, of whole shares of Stock owned by the Participant having a Fair Market Value not less than the aggregate Exercise Price, (iii) by means of a Cashless Exercise, as defined in Section 4.3(b), (iv) by any other means authorized by the Company in its discretion, or (v) by any combination of the foregoing. 

(b) Limitations on Forms of Consideration.

(i) Tender of Stock. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Option may not be exercised by tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, of shares of Stock to the extent such tender or attestation would constitute a violation of the provisions of any law, regulation or agreement restricting the redemption of the Company’s Stock. If required by the Company, the Option may not be exercised by tender to the Company, or attestation to the ownership, of shares of Stock unless such shares either have been owned by the Participant for such minimum period, if any, required by the Company (and not used for another Option exercise by attestation during such period) or were not acquired, directly or indirectly, from the Company. 

(ii) Cashless Exercise. A “Cashless Exercise” means the delivery of a properly executed notice together with irrevocable instructions to a broker in a form acceptable to the Company providing for the assignment to the Company of the proceeds of a sale or loan with respect to some or all of the shares of Stock acquired upon the exercise of the Option pursuant to a program or procedure approved by the Company (including, without limitation, through an exercise complying with the provisions of Regulation T as promulgated from time to time by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System). The Company reserves, at any and all times, the right, in the Company’s sole and absolute discretion, to establish, decline to approve or terminate any such program or procedure, including with respect to the Participant notwithstanding that such program or procedures may be available to others. 

4.4 Tax Withholding.

(a) Tax Withholding in General. At the time the Option is exercised, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, the Participant hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for (including by means of a Cashless Exercise to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company Group, if any, which arise in connection with the Option. The Company shall have no obligation to deliver shares of Stock until the tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company Group have been satisfied by the Participant. 

(b) Withholding in Shares. The Company shall have the right, but not the obligation, to deduct from the shares of Stock issuable to a Participant upon the exercise of an Option, or to accept from the Participant the tender of, a number of whole shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value, as determined by the Company, equal to all or any part of the tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company Group. The Fair Market Value of any shares of Stock withheld or tendered to satisfy any such tax withholding obligations shall not exceed the amount determined by the applicable minimum statutory withholding rates. 

4.5 Beneficial Ownership of Shares; Certificate Registration. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all shares acquired by the Participant pursuant to the exercise of the Option. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the shares as to which the Option is exercised shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant. 

4.6 Restrictions on Grant of the Option and Issuance of Shares. The grant of the Option and the issuance of shares of Stock upon exercise of the Option shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state or foreign law with respect to such securities. The Option may not be exercised if the issuance of shares of Stock upon exercise would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Stock may then be listed. In addition, the Option may not be exercised unless (i) a registration statement under the Securities Act shall at the time of exercise of the Option be in effect with respect to the shares issuable upon exercise of the Option or (ii) in the opinion of legal counsel to the Company, the shares issuable upon exercise of the Option may be issued in accordance with the terms of an applicable exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. THE PARTICIPANT IS CAUTIONED THAT THE OPTION MAY NOT BE EXERCISED UNLESS THE FOREGOING CONDITIONS ARE SATISFIED. ACCORDINGLY, THE PARTICIPANT MAY NOT BE ABLE TO EXERCISE THE OPTION WHEN DESIRED EVEN THOUGH THE OPTION IS VESTED. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company’s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance and sale of any shares subject to the Option shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue or sell such shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. As a condition to the exercise of the Option, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. 

4.7 Fractional Shares. The Company shall not be required to issue fractional shares upon the exercise of the Option. 

5. Nontransferability of the Option.

During the lifetime of the Participant, the Option shall be exercisable only by the Participant or the Participant’s guardian or legal representative. The Option shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant’s beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. Following the death of the Participant, the Option, to the extent provided in Section 7, may be exercised by the Participant’s legal representative or by any person empowered to do so under the deceased Participant’s will or under the then applicable laws of descent and distribution. 

6. Termination of the Option.

The Option shall terminate and may no longer be exercised after the first to occur of (a) the close of business on the Option Expiration Date, (b) the close of business on the last date for exercising the Option following termination of the Participant’s Service as described in Section 7, or (c) a Change in Control to the extent provided in Section 8. 

7. Effect of Termination of Service.

7.1 Option Exercisability. Except as provided below, the Option shall terminate immediately upon the Participant’s termination of Service to the extent that it is then unvested and shall be exercisable after the Participant’s termination of Service to the extent it is then vested only during the applicable time period as determined below and thereafter shall terminate. 

(a) Disability. If the Participant’s Service terminates because of the Disability of the Participant, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares on the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant (or the Participant’s guardian or legal representative) at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 

(b) Death. If the Participant’s Service terminates because of the death of the Participant, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares on the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant’s legal representative or other person who acquired the right to exercise the Option by reason of the Participant’s death at any time prior to the expiration of twelve (12) months after the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. The Participant’s Service shall be deemed to have terminated on account of death if the Participant dies within three (3) months after the Participant’s termination of Service. 

(c) Termination After Change in Control. If the Participant’s Service terminates as a result of a Termination After Change in Control, then the Option (i) shall, effective as of the date on which the Participant’s Service terminates, become 100% vested and fully exercisable as to any yet unexercised shares of Stock; and (ii) to the extent unexercised, may be exercised by the Participant (or the Participant’s guardian or legal representative) at any time prior to the expiration of three (3) months after the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 

(d) Other Termination of Service. If the Participant’s Service terminates for any reason, except Disability, death, or Termination After Change in Control, the Option, to the extent unexercised and exercisable for Vested Shares by the Participant on the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, may be exercised by the Participant at any time prior to the expiration of three (3) months after the date on which the Participant’s Service terminated, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 

7.2 Extension if Exercise Prevented by Law. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the exercise of the Option within the applicable time periods set forth in Section 7.1 is prevented by the provisions of Section 4.6, the Option shall remain exercisable until three (3) months after the date the Participant is notified by the Company that the Option is exercisable, but in any event no later than the Option Expiration Date. 

8. Effect of Change in Control.

In the event of a Change in Control, the surviving, continuing, successor, or purchasing entity or parent thereof, as the case may be (the “Acquiror”), may, without the consent of the Participant, assume or continue in full force and effect the Company’s rights and obligations under the Option or substitute for the Option a substantially equivalent option, as determined in the sole discretion of the Committee, for the Acquiror’s stock. For purposes of this Section, the Option shall be deemed assumed if, following the Change in Control, the Option confers the right to receive, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, for each share of Stock subject to the Option immediately prior to the Change in Control, the consideration (whether stock, cash, other securities or property or a combination thereof) to which a holder of a share of Stock on the effective date of the Change in Control was entitled; provided, however, that if such consideration is not solely common stock of the Acquiror, the Committee may, with the consent of the Acquiror, provide for the consideration to be received upon the exercise of the Option, for each share of Stock subject to the Option, to consist solely of common stock of the Acquiror equal in Fair Market Value to the per share consideration received by holders of Stock pursuant to the Change in Control. In the event that the Acquiring Corporation elects not to assume or substitute for the Option in connection with a Change in Control, the exercisability of the Option (if the Participant’s Service has not terminated prior to such date) shall be accelerated so that the Option may be exercised in full notwithstanding its vested status, effective immediately before the date of the Change in Control, contingent upon the consummation of the Change in Control. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Option shall terminate and cease to be outstanding effective as of the time of consummation of the Change in Control to the extent that the Option is neither assumed nor continued by the Acquiror in connection with the Change in Control nor exercised as of the date of the Change in Control. 

9. Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure.

Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, in the event of any change in the Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, whether through merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination of shares, exchange of shares, or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, or in the event of payment of a dividend or distribution to the stockholders of the Company in a form other than Stock (excepting normal cash dividends) that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value of shares of Stock, appropriate adjustments shall be made in the number, Exercise Price per Share and kind of shares subject to the Option, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Participant’s rights under the Option. For purposes of the foregoing, conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as “effected without receipt of consideration by the Company.” If a majority of the shares which are of the same class as the shares that are subject to the Option are exchanged for, converted into, or otherwise become (whether or not pursuant to an Ownership Change Event) shares of another corporation (the “New Shares”), the Committee may unilaterally amend the Option to provide that such Option is exercisable for New Shares. In the event of any such amendment, the number of shares subject to, and the exercise price per share of, the Option shall be adjusted in a fair and equitable manner as determined by the Committee, in its discretion. Any fractional share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number, and in no event may the Exercise Price per Share be decreased to an amount less than the par value, if any, of the Stock subject to the Option. The Committee in its sole discretion, may also make such adjustments in the terms of the Option to reflect, or related to, such changes in the capital structure of the Company or distributions as it deems appropriate. The adjustments determined by the Committee pursuant to this Section shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

10. Rights as a Stockholder, Director, Employee or Consultant.

The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any shares covered by the Option until the date of the issuance of the shares for which the Option has been exercised (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date the shares are issued, except as provided in Section 9. If the Participant is an Employee, the Participant understands and acknowledges that, except as otherwise provided in a separate, written employment agreement between a Participating Company and the Participant, the Participant’s employment is “at will” and is for no specified term. Nothing in this Option Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Service of a Participating Company or interfere in any way with any right of the Participating Company Group to terminate the Participant’s Service as a Director, an Employee or Consultant, as the case may be, at any time. 

11. Notice of Sales Upon Disqualifying Disposition.

The Participant shall dispose of the shares acquired pursuant to the Option only in accordance with the provisions of this Option Agreement. In addition, if the Grant Notice designates this Option as an Incentive Stock Option, the Participant shall (a) promptly notify the Chief Financial Officer of the Company if the Participant disposes of any of the shares acquired pursuant to the Option within one (1) year after the date the Participant exercises all or part of the Option or within two (2) years after the Date of Grant and (b) provide the Company with a description of the circumstances of such disposition. Until such time as the Participant disposes of such shares in a manner consistent with the provisions of this Option Agreement, unless otherwise expressly authorized by the Company, the Participant shall hold all shares acquired pursuant to the Option in the Participant’s name (and not in the name of any nominee) for the one-year period immediately after the exercise of the Option and the two-year period immediately after Date of Grant. At any time during the one-year or two-year periods set forth above, the Company may place a legend on any certificate representing shares acquired pursuant to the Option requesting the transfer agent for the Company’s Stock to notify the Company of any such transfers. The obligation of the Participant to notify the Company of any such transfer shall continue notwithstanding that a legend has been placed on the certificate pursuant to the preceding sentence. 

12. Legends.

The Company may at any time place legends referencing any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing shares of Stock subject to the provisions of this Option Agreement. The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing shares acquired pursuant to the Option in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this Section. Unless otherwise specified by the Company, legends placed on such certificates may include, but shall not be limited to, the following: 

“THE SHARES EVIDENCED BY THIS CERTIFICATE WERE ISSUED BY THE CORPORATION TO THE REGISTERED HOLDER UPON EXERCISE OF AN INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION AS DEFINED IN SECTION 422 OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (“ISO”). IN ORDER TO OBTAIN THE PREFERENTIAL TAX TREATMENT AFFORDED TO ISOs, THE SHARES SHOULD NOT BE TRANSFERRED PRIOR TO [INSERT DISQUALIFYING DISPOSITION DATE HERE]. SHOULD THE REGISTERED HOLDER ELECT TO TRANSFER ANY OF THE SHARES PRIOR TO THIS DATE AND FOREGO ISO TAX TREATMENT, THE TRANSFER AGENT FOR THE SHARES SHALL NOTIFY THE CORPORATION IMMEDIATELY. THE REGISTERED HOLDER SHALL HOLD ALL SHARES PURCHASED UNDER THE INCENTIVE STOCK OPTION IN THE REGISTERED HOLDER’S NAME (AND NOT IN THE NAME OF ANY NOMINEE) PRIOR TO THIS DATE OR UNTIL TRANSFERRED AS DESCRIBED ABOVE.” 

13. Miscellaneous Provisions.

13.1 Termination or Amendment. The Committee may terminate or amend the Plan or the Option at any time; provided, however, that except as provided in Section 8 in connection with a Change in Control, no such termination or amendment may adversely affect the Option or any unexercised portion hereof without the consent of the Participant unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with any applicable law or government regulation. No amendment or addition to this Option Agreement shall be effective unless in writing. 

13.2 Further Instruments. The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Option Agreement. 

13.3 Binding Effect. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, this Option Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 

13.4 Delivery of Documents and Notices. Any document relating to participation in the Plan or any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (except to the extent that this Option Agreement provides for effectiveness only upon actual receipt of such notice) upon personal delivery, electronic delivery at the e-mail address, if any, provided for the Participant by a Participating Company, or upon deposit in the U.S. Post Office or foreign postal service, by registered or certified mail, or with a nationally recognized overnight courier service, with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other party at the address of such party set forth in the Grant Notice or at such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to time to the other party. 

(a) Description of Electronic Delivery. The Plan documents, which may include but do not necessarily include: the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Option Agreement, the Plan Prospectus, and any reports of the Company provided generally to the Company’s stockholders, may be delivered to the Participant electronically. In addition, the Participant may deliver electronically the Grant Notice and Exercise Notice called for by Section 4.2 to the Company or to such third party involved in administering the Plan as the Company may designate from time to time. Such means of electronic delivery may include but do not necessarily include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. 

(b) Consent to Electronic Delivery. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read Section 13.4(a) of this Option Agreement and consents to the electronic delivery of the Plan documents and the delivery of the Grant Notice and Exercise Notice, as described in Section 13.4(a). The Participant acknowledges that he or she may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost to the Participant by contacting the Company by telephone or in writing. The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails. Similarly, the Participant understands that the Participant must provide the Company or any designated third-party administrator with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails. The Participant may revoke his or her consent to the electronic delivery of documents described in Section 13.4(a) or may change the electronic mail address to which such documents are to be delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address) at any time by notifying the Company of such revoked consent or revised e-mail address by telephone, postal service or electronic mail. Finally, the Participant understands that he or she is not required to consent to electronic delivery of documents described in Section 13.4(a). 

13.5 Personal Data. For the purpose of implementing, administering and managing these Options, the Participant, by execution of the Grant Notice, consent to the collection, receipt, use, retention and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Participant’s personal data by and among the Company and its third party vendors or any potential party to any Change in Control transaction or capital raising transaction involving the Company. The Participant understands that personal data (including but not limited to, name, home address, telephone number, employee number, employment status, social security number, tax identification number, date of birth, nationality, job and payroll location, data for tax withholding purposes and shares awarded, cancelled, exercised, vested and unvested) may be transferred to third parties assisting in the implementation, administration and management of these Options and the Plan and the Participant expressly authorizes such transfer as well as the retention, use, and the subsequent transfer of the data by the recipient(s). The Participant understands that these recipients may be located in the Participant’s country or elsewhere, and that the recipient’s country may have different data privacy laws and protections than the Participant’s country. The Participant understands that data will be held only as long as is necessary to implement, administer and manage these Options. The Participant understands that the Participant may, at any time, request a list with the names and addresses of any potential recipients of the personal data, view data, request additional information about the storage and processing of data, require any necessary amendments to data or refuse or withdraw the consents herein, in any case without cost, by contacting in writing the Company’s Secretary. The Participant understands, however, that refusing or withdrawing the Participant’s consent may affect the Participant’s ability to accept a stock option. 

13.6 Integrated Agreement. The Grant Notice, this Option Agreement and the Plan shall constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the Participant and the Participating Company Group with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede any prior agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations, or warranties among the Participant and the Participating Company Group with respect to such subject matter. To the extent contemplated herein, the provisions of the Grant Notice, the Option Agreement and the Plan shall survive any exercise of the Option and shall remain in full force and effect. 

13.7 Applicable Law. The validity, construction, and effect of this Option Agreement, and of any determinations or decisions made by the Committee relating to this Option Agreement, and the rights of any and all persons having or claiming to have any interest under this Option Agreement, shall be determined exclusively in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its provisions concerning the applicability of laws of other jurisdictions. Any suit with respect hereto will be brought in the federal or state courts in the district which includes the city or town in which the Company’s principal executive office is located, and the Participant hereby agrees and submits to the personal jurisdiction and venue thereof. 

13.8 Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

{end of document} 
