  


Exhibit 10.22

COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC.

2006 Equity Incentive Plan



Comfort Systems USA, Inc.

675 Bering Drive, Suite 400

Houston, Texas 77057

Ladies and Gentlemen:

The undersigned (“Employee”) (i) acknowledges that he or she has received an award (the “Award”) of restricted stock from Comfort Systems USA, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), under the Company’s 2006 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), subject to the terms set forth below and in the Plan; (ii) further acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan as in effect on the date hereof; and (iii) agrees with the Company as follows:

1. Effective Date. This Agreement shall take effect as of November 17, 2010, which is the date of grant of the Award.

2. Shares Subject to Award. The Award consists of 10,000 shares (the “Shares”) of common stock of the Company (“Stock”). Employee’s rights to the Shares are subject to the restrictions described in this Agreement and the Plan (which is incorporated herein by reference with the same effect as if set forth herein in full) in addition to such other restrictions, if any, as may be imposed by law. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is incon sistent with the terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall govern.

3. Meaning of Certain Terms. Except as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement, all terms used herein shall have the same meaning as in the Plan. The term “vest” as used herein with respect to any Share means the lapsing of the restrictions described herein and in the Plan with respect to such Share, which entitles Employee to transfer the Share and to retain such Share after a termination of employment.

4. Nontransferability of Shares. The Shares acquired by Employee pursuant to this Agreement shall not be sold, transferred, pledged, assigned or otherwise encumbered or disposed of until such time as they become vested under Section 7 of this Agreement.

5. Forfeiture Risk. Except as provided in Section 7(c) of this Agreement, if Employee ceases to be employed by the Company and its subsidiaries for any reason, including death, any then unvested Shares acquired by Employee hereunder shall be immediately forfeited upon such termination with no consideration due to Employee. Employee hereby (i) appoints the Company as his or her attorney-in-fact to take such actions as may be necessary or appropriate to effectuate a t ransfer of the record ownership of any such Shares that are unvested and forfeited hereunder, (ii) agrees to deliver to the Company, as a precondition to the issuance of any certificate or certificates with respect to unvested Shares hereunder, one or more stock powers, endorsed in blank, with respect to such Shares, and (iii) agrees to sign such other

* * *

  


William George III

powers and take such other actions as the Company may reasonably request to accomplish the transfer or forfeiture of any unvested Shares that are forfeited hereunder.

6. Retention of Certificates. Any certificates representing unvested Shares shall be held by the Company. Employee agrees that the Company may give stop transfer instructions to the depository to ensure compliance with the provisions hereof.

7. Vesting of Shares. The Shares acquired hereunder shall vest in accordance with the provisions of this Section 7 and applicable provisions of the Plan, as follows:

(a) [Intentionally omitted.]

(b) Subject to Sections 7(c) and 7(d) below, and provided that Employee is then, and since the date of grant has continuously been, employed by the Company or its subsidiaries, then the Shares shall vest as follows:

3,334 on November 17, 2011;

3,333 on November 17, 2012; and

3,333 on November 17, 2013.

provided, however, that, not withstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7(b), any unvested Shares that have not earlier been forfeited shall vest immediately in the event of (i) a “Change in Control,” as defined in Employee’s change in control agreement, if any, with the Company, or (ii) if Employee and Company have not entered into a change in control agreement, in the event the Company experiences a “Change in Control” as defined herein.

(c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 7(b) above, if Employee retires from the Company at a time when the sum of his or her age in whole years and his or her years of service with the Company (as determined in a manner consistent with the method used for purposes of determining vesting under the Comfort Systems USA, Inc. 401(k) Plan) is at least 75, Employee shall be deemed to satisfy the continuous employment condition set forth in Section 7(b) on each vesting date following retirement. The number of Shares that vest will in all cases be determin ed in accordance with the provisions of Section 7(a) above.

(d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Sections 7(b) or 7(c) above, the Committee may, in its sole discretion, reduce the number of Shares vesting on any date pursuant to this Award, and may cause any unvested Shares under this Award to be forfeited, based on the individual performance of Employee as compared with specific individual goals, which may be based on objective or nonobjective factors related to Employee’s performance.

* * *

  


8. Legend. Any certificates representing unvested Shares shall be held by the Company, and any such certificate shall contain a legend substantially in the following form:

THE TRANSFERABILITY OF THIS CERTIFICATE AND THE SHARES OF STOCK REPRESENTED HEREBY ARE SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS (INCLUDING FORFEITURE) OF THE COMPANY’S 2006 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN AND A RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD AGREEMENT ENTERED INTO BETWEEN THE REGISTERED OWNER AND COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC. COPIES OF SUCH PLAN AND AGREEMENT ARE ON FILE IN THE OFFICES OF COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC.

As soon as practicable following the vesting of any such Shares the Company shall cause a certificate or certificates covering such Shares to be delivered to Employee.

9. Voting Rights; Dividends, etc. As of the date of grant, Employee shall have the right to vote the Shares (to the same extent as any other holder of Stock), and the right, subject to this Section 9, to receive dividends on the Shares, unless and until the Shares are forfeited as provided for in Section 7 of this Agreement. Unless the Committee determines otherwise, payment of any cash dividend, additional shares of Stock, any other securities of the Company and any other property distributed with respect to the Shares shall be deferred until the Shares vest and are no longer subject to forfeiture under the terms of this Agreement (and shall be subject to forfeiture upon forfeiture under Section 7 above of any unvested Shares to which such deferred dividends relate). The dividends or distributions allocable to the Shares shall be paid or delivered to the Participant on the vesting date for the Shares to which the dividends or distributions relate, but only to the extent such Shares vest under the terms of this Agreement.

10. Sale of Vested Shares. Employee understands that he or she will be free to sell any Share only once it has vested, subject to (i) satisfaction of any applicable tax withholding requirements with respect to the vesting or transfer of such Share; (ii) the completion of any administrative steps (for example, but without limitation, the transfer of certificates) that the Company may reasonably impose; and (iii) applicable company polic ies and the requirements of federal and state securities laws.

11. Certain Tax Matters. Employee expressly acknowledges the following:

a. Employee has been advised to confer promptly with a professional tax advisor to consider whether Employee should make a so-called “83(b) election” with respect to the Shares. Any such election, to be effective, must be made in accordance with applicable regulations and within thirty (30) days following the grant date of this Award. The Company has made no recommendation to Employee with respect to the advisability of making such an election.

b. The award or vesting of the Shares acquired hereunder, and the payment of dividends with respect to such shares, may give rise to “wages” subject to withholding. Employee expressly acknowledges and agrees that his or her rights hereunder are subject to his or her satisfaction of any applicable tax withholdings associated with such award, vesting or payment by: (i) delivering cash (including check, money order or wire transfer made payable

* * *

  


to the order of the Company), (ii) having the Company withhold a portion of the Shares to be delivered hereunder having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum tax withholding amount for such taxes, or (iii) delivering to the Company shares of Stock having a Fair Market Value equal to the minimum tax withholding amount for such taxes.

12. Definition: Change in Control. For the purpose of Section 7(b)(ii) herein, a “Change in Control” shall be deemed to have occurred if:

a. any person (including any “person” within the meaning of Section 13(d)(3) or 14(d)(2) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and more than one person acting as a group), other than the Company, or an employee benefit plan of the Company, or any entity controlled by either, acquiring directly or indirectly the beneficial ownership of any voting security of the Company and if immediately after such acquisition such person is, directly or indirectly, the beneficial owner of voting securities representing 50% or more of the total voti ng power of all of the then-outstanding voting securities of the Company, provided that if any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, owned more than 50% of the total fair market value or total voting power of Company stock as of the date of this Agreement, the acquisition of additional stock by the same person or persons shall not be deemed to be a Change in Control;

b. the date a majority of the following individuals are replaced during any 12-month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Company’s Board of Directors before the date of the appointment or election: (i) the individuals who, as of the date hereof, constitute the Board of Directors of the Company (the “Original Directors”); (ii) the individuals who thereafter are elected to the Board of Directors of the Company and whose election, or nomination for election, to the Board of Directors of the Company was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Original Directors then still in office (such directors becoming “Additional Original Directors” immediately following their election); and (iii) the individuals who are elected to the Board of Directors of the Company and whose election, or nomination for election, to the Board of Directors of the Company was approved by a vote of at least two-thirds of the Original Directors and Additional Original Directors then still in office (such directors also becoming “Additional Original Directors” immediately following their election); or

c. any one person, or more than one person acting as a group, acquiring (or who has acquired during the 12-month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than 50% of the total gross fair market value of the assets of the Company immediately before such acquisition or acquisitions.

* * *

  


13. Entire Agreement. The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Employee with respect to the subject matter hereof.

Very truly yours,  
  
/s/ William George III  
  
William George III  
  
The foregoing Restricted Stock  
  
Award Agreement is hereby accepted:  
  
COMFORT SYSTEMS USA, INC.  
  
By:

/s/ Trent Mckenna  
  
Signature  
  
Trent McKenna  
  
Its:

Vice President and General Counsel  
  
* * *

  

