Exhibit 10.71

PC-TEL, INC.

2001 NONSTATUTORY STOCK OPTION PLAN

(NON-STOCKHOLDER APPROVED)



Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Option Agreement. 

I. NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT

Name  
  
Address 1  
  
Address 2

You have been granted an option to purchase Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows: 

Grant Number 

Date of Grant 

Vesting Commencement Date 

Exercise Price per Share 

Total Number of Shares Granted 

Total Exercise Price 

Type of Option: Non-statutory Stock Option 

Term/Expiration Date: 

Vesting Schedule: 

This Option may be exercised, in whole or in part, in accordance with the following schedule: 

25% of the Shares subject to the Option shall vest twelve months after the Vesting Commencement Date, and 1/48 of the Original Shares subject to the Option shall vest each month thereafter, subject to the Optionee continuing to be a Service Provider on such dates. 

Termination Period: 

This Option may be exercised for three (3) months after Optionee ceases to be a Service Provider. Upon the death or Disability of the Optionee, this Option may be exercised for such longer period as provided in the Plan. In no event shall this Option be exercised later than the Term/Expiration Date as provided above. 

* * *

##### 

II. AGREEMENT

1\. Grant of Option. The Plan Administrator of the Company hereby grants to the Optionee named in the Notice of Grant attached as Part I of this Agreement (the “Optionee”) an option (the “Option”) to purchase the number of Shares, as set forth in the Notice of Grant, at the exercise price per share set forth in the Notice of Grant (the “Exercise Price”), subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 14(b) of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and the terms and conditions of this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail. 

2\. Exercise of Option. 

(a) Right to Exercise. This Option is exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Grant and the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. 

(b) Method of Exercise. This Option is exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice, in the form attached as Exhibit A (the “Exercise Notice”), which shall state the election to exercise the Option, the number of Shares in respect of which the Option is being exercised (the “Exercised Shares”), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company pursuant to the provisions of the Plan. The Exercise Notice shall be completed by the Optionee and delivered to the Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The Exercise Notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by such aggregate Exercise Price. 

No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of this Option unless such issuance and exercise complies with Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Exercised Shares shall be considered transferred to the Optionee on the date the Option is exercised with respect to such Exercised Shares. 

3\. Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of the Optionee: 

(a) cash; 

(b) check; 

(c) consideration received by the Company under a cashless exercise program implemented by the Company in connection with the Plan; or 

(d) by a net exercise arrangement pursuant to which the Company will reduce the number of Shares issued upon exercise by the minimum whole number of Shares with a Fair Market Value sufficient to pay the aggregate Exercise Price of the Exercised Shares and the tax withholding obligations of the Exercised Shares; provided however, that if the Fair Market Value of the withheld Shares exceeds the aggregate Exercise Price and tax withholding obligations of the Exercised Shares, the excess shall be paid to Optionee; provided, further, that Shares will no longer be outstanding under an Option and will not be exercisable thereafter to the extent that they are (A) used to pay the exercise price pursuant to the “net exercise,” (B) delivered to Optionee as a result of such exercise, or (C) withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations; 

-2-

* * *

##### 

(e) surrender of other Shares (including as part of a pyramid exercise) which (i) shall be valued at their Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, and (ii) must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, if accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, shall not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company. 

4\. Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Optionee only by the Optionee. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of the Optionee. 

5\. Term of Option. This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement. 

6\. Tax Obligations. 

(a) Tax Withholding. Optionee agrees to make appropriate arrangements with the Company (or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining Optionee) for the satisfaction of all Federal, state, and local income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the Option exercise. Optionee acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise. If payment of the Exercise Price is made by a net exercise arrangement, Optionee’s tax withholding obligations will be satisfied by a reduction of the number of Shares issued upon exercise by the minimum whole number of Shares with a Fair Market Value sufficient to pay Optionee’s aggregate tax withholding obligation, as set forth in Section 3(d) of this Option Agreement. 

(b) Code Section 409A. Under Code Section 409A, an Option that vests after December 31, 2004 (or that vested on or prior to such date but which was materially modified after October 3, 2004) that was granted with a per Share exercise price that is determined by the Internal Revenue Service (the “IRS”) to be less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant (a “discount option”) may be considered “deferred compensation.” An Option that is a “discount option” may result in (i) income recognition by Optionee prior to the exercise of the Option, (ii) an additional twenty percent (20%) federal income tax, and (iii) potential penalty and interest charges. The “discount option” may also result in additional state income, penalty and interest tax to the Optionee. Optionee acknowledges that the Company cannot and has not guaranteed that the IRS will agree that the per Share exercise price of this Option equals or exceeds the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant in a later examination. Optionee agrees that if the IRS determines that the Option was granted with a per Share exercise price that was less than the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date of grant, Optionee shall be solely responsible for Optionee’s costs related to such a determination. 

7\. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Optionee with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Optionee’s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Optionee. This agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of Delaware. 

-3-

* * *

##### 

8\. NO GUARANTEE OF CONTINUED SERVICE. OPTIONEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING SERVICE AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED AN OPTION OR PURCHASING SHARES HEREUNDER). OPTIONEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE WITH OPTIONEE’S RIGHT OR THE COMPANY’S RIGHT TO TERMINATE OPTIONEE’S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE. 

By your signature and the signature of the Company’s representative below, you and the Company agree that this Option is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement. Optionee has reviewed the Plan and this Option Agreement in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option Agreement and fully understands all provisions of the Plan and Option Agreement. Optionee hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions relating to the Plan and Option Agreement. Optionee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.   
  
OPTIONEE 

PC-TEL, INC.  
  
Signature 

By  
  
Print Name 

Title  
  
Residence Address   
  
-4-
