Exhibit 99.2 

INPHONIC, INC. 



Inphonic, Inc. has granted to the Participant named in the Notice of Grant of Award (the “Grant Notice”) to which this Restricted Stock Agreement (the “Agreement”) is attached an Award (the “Award”) consisting of Shares subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice and this Agreement. The Award has been granted pursuant to the Inphonic, Inc. 2004 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”), as amended to the Date of Grant, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference. By signing the Grant Notice, the Participant: (a) acknowledges receipt of and represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan and a prospectus for the Plan in the form most recently registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Plan Prospectus”), (b) accepts the Award subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan and (c) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Grant Notice, this Agreement or the Plan. 

1\. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION.

1.1 Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned in the Grant Notice or the Plan. Wherever used herein, the following terms shall have their respective meanings set forth below: 

(a) “Grant Date” means the effective date of grant of the Award as set forth in the Grant Notice.

(b) “Total Number of Shares” means the total number of shares of Stock subject to the Award as set forth in the Grant Notice and as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 7. 

(c) “Vested Shares” means, on any relevant date, that portion of the Total Number of Shares which has vested in accordance with the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice. Provided that the Participant’s Service has not terminated prior to the relevant vesting date described in the Grant Notice, the number of shares as provided by the Grant Notice shall become Vested Shares on such date. 

1.2 Construction. Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. Use of the term “or” is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 

2\. THE AWARD.

2.1 Grant and Issuance of Shares. On the Date of Grant, the Participant will acquire and the Company will issue, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, a number of Shares equal to the Total Number of Shares set forth in the Grant Notice. As a condition to the 

1 

* * *

issuance of the Shares, the Participant shall execute and deliver to the Company along with the Grant Notice (a) the Joint Escrow Instructions in the form attached to the Grant Notice and (b) the Assignment Separate from Certificate duly endorsed (with date and number of shares blank) in the form attached to the Grant Notice. 

2.2 No Monetary Payment Required. The Participant is not required to make any monetary payment (other than applicable tax withholding, if any) as a condition to receiving the Shares, the consideration for which shall be past services actually rendered and/or future services to be rendered to a Participating Company or for its benefit. 

2.3 Beneficial Ownership of Shares; Certificate Registration. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit the Shares with the Company’s transfer agent, including any successor transfer agent, to be held in book entry form during the term of the Escrow pursuant to Section 6. Except as provided by the preceding sentence, a certificate for the Shares shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant. 

2.4 Issuance of Shares in Compliance with Law. The issuance of the Shares shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state or foreign law with respect to such securities. No Shares shall be issued hereunder if their issuance would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Stock may then be listed. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company’s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any Shares shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. As a condition to the issuance of the Shares, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. 

3\. VESTING OF SHARES.

The Shares shall vest and become Vested Shares as provided in the Grant Notice; provided however, that Shares that would otherwise become Vested Shares on a date on which a sale of such Shares by the Participant would violate the Insider Trading Policy of the Company shall, not withstanding the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice, become Vested Shares on the next day on which such sale would not violate the Insider Trading Policy. For purposes of this Section, “Insider Trading Policy” means the written policy of the Company pertaining to the sale, transfer or other disposition of the Company’s equity securities by members of the Board, Officers or other employees who may possess material, non-public information regarding the Company, as in effect at the time of a disposition of any Shares. No additional Shares will become Vested Shares following the Participant’s termination of Service for any reason. 

2 

* * *

4\. COMPANY REACQUISITION RIGHT.

4.1 Grant of Company Reacquisition Right. Except to the extent otherwise provided in an employment agreement between a Participating Company and the Participant, in the event that (a) the Participant’s Service terminates for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, or (b) the Participant, the Participant’s legal representative, or other holder of the Shares, attempts to sell, exchange, transfer, pledge, or otherwise dispose of (other than pursuant to an Ownership Change Event), including, without limitation, any transfer to a nominee or agent of the Participant, any Shares which are not Vested Shares (“Unvested Shares”), the Company shall automatically reacquire the Unvested Shares, and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payment therefor (the “Company Reacquisition Right”). 

4.2 Ownership Change Event. Upon the occurrence of an Ownership Change Event, any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property to which the Participant is entitled by reason of the Participant’s ownership of Unvested Shares shall be immediately subject to the Company Reacquisition Right and included in the terms “Shares,” “Stock” and “Unvested Shares” for all purposes of the Company Reacquisition Right with the same force and effect as the Unvested Shares immediately prior to the Ownership Change Event. For purposes of determining the number of Vested Shares following an Ownership Change Event, credited Service shall include all Service with any corporation which is a Participating Company at the time the Service is rendered, whether or not such corporation is a Participating Company both before and after the Ownership Change Event. 

5\. TAX MATTERS.

5.1 Tax Withholding.

(a) In General. At the time the Grant Notice is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by a Participating Company, the Participant hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company, if any, which arise in connection with the Award, including, without limitation, obligations arising upon (a) the transfer of Shares to the Participant, (b) the lapsing of any restriction with respect to any Shares, (c) the filing of an election to recognize tax liability, or (d) the transfer by the Participant of any Shares. The Company shall have no obligation to deliver the Shares or to release any Shares from the Escrow established pursuant to Section 6 until the tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company have been satisfied by the Participant. 

(b) Withholding in Shares. Subject to approval by the Company, in its discretion, the Participant may satisfy all or any portion of the Participating Company’s tax withholding obligations by requesting the Company to withhold a number of whole, Vested Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant or by tendering to the Company a number of whole, Vested Shares or vested shares of Stock acquired otherwise than pursuant to this Agreement having, in any such case, a fair market value, as determined by the Company as of the date on which the tax withholding obligations arise, not in excess of the amount of such tax 

3 

* * *

withholding obligations determined by the applicable minimum statutory withholding rates. Any adverse consequences to the Participant resulting from the procedure permitted under this Section, including, without limitation, tax consequences, shall be the sole responsibility of the Participant. 

5.2 Election Under Section 83(b) of the Code.

(a) The Participant understands that Section 83 of the Code taxes as ordinary income the difference between the amount paid for the Shares, if anything, and the fair market value of the Shares as of the date on which the Shares are “substantially vested,” within the meaning of Section 83. In this context, “substantially vested” means that the right of the Company to reacquire the Shares pursuant to the Company Reacquisition Right has lapsed. The Participant understands that he or she may elect to have his or her taxable income determined at the time he or she acquires the Shares rather than when and as the Company Reacquisition Right lapses by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service no later than thirty (30) days after the date of acquisition of the Shares. The Participant understands that failure to make a timely filing under Section 83(b) will result in his or her recognition of ordinary income, as the Company Reacquisition Right lapses, on the difference between the purchase price, if anything, and the fair market value of the Shares at the time such restrictions lapse. The Participant further understands, however, that if Shares with respect to which an election under Section 83(b) has been made are forfeited to the Company pursuant to its Company Reacquisition Right, such forfeiture will be treated as a sale on which there is realized a loss equal to the excess (if any) of the amount paid (if any) by the Participant for the forfeited Shares over the amount realized (if any) upon their forfeiture. If the Participant has paid nothing for the forfeited Shares and has received no payment upon their forfeiture, the Participant understands that he or she will be unable to recognize any loss on the forfeiture of the Shares even though the Participant incurred a tax liability by making an election under Section 83(b). 

(b) The Participant understands that he or she should consult with his or her tax advisor regarding the advisability of filing with the Internal Revenue Service an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, which must be filed no later than thirty (30) days after the date of the acquisition of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement. Failure to file an election under Section 83(b), if appropriate, may result in adverse tax consequences to the Participant. The Participant acknowledges that he or she has been advised to consult with a tax advisor regarding the tax consequences to the Participant of the acquisition of Shares hereunder. ANY ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) THE PARTICIPANT WISHES TO MAKE MUST BE FILED NO LATER THAN 30 DAYS AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH THE PARTICIPANT ACQUIRES THE SHARES. THIS TIME PERIOD CANNOT BE EXTENDED. THE PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT TIMELY FILING OF A SECTION 83(b) ELECTION IS THE PARTICIPANT’S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY, EVEN IF THE PARTICIPANT REQUESTS THE COMPANY OR ITS REPRESENTATIVE TO FILE SUCH ELECTION ON HIS OR HER BEHALF. 

(c) The Participant will notify the Company in writing if the Participant files an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. The Company intends, in the event it does not receive from the Participant evidence of such filing, to claim a tax deduction for any amount which would otherwise be taxable to the Participant in the absence of such an election. 

4 

* * *

6\. ESCROW.

6.1 Establishment of Escrow. To ensure that Shares subject to the Company Reacquisition Right will be available for reacquisition, the Company may deposit the Shares with the Company’s transfer agent to be held in book entry form, as provided in Section 2.3, and the Participant agrees to deliver to and deposit with an escrow agent designated by the Company each certificate, if any, evidencing the Shares, and an Assignment Separate from Certificate with respect to such book entry shares and each such certificate duly endorsed (with date and number of shares blank) in the form attached to the Grant Notice, to be held by the agent under the terms and conditions of the Joint Escrow Instructions in the form attached to the Grant Notice (the “Escrow”). The Company shall bear the expenses of the escrow. 

6.2 Delivery of Shares to Participant. Whenever the Participant or the Participant’s legal representative proposes to sell, exchange, transfer, pledge or otherwise dispose of (other than pursuant to an Ownership Change Event) any shares of Stock subject to the Escrow, the Participant shall so notify the Company. As soon as practicable thereafter, the Company shall determine, in its sole discretion, whether (a) such proposed disposition would not cause the Company to automatically reacquire such Shares pursuant to the Company Reacquisition Right and (b) the Participant has made adequate provision for the tax withholding obligations, if any, pursuant to Section 5. If both conditions (a) and (b) set forth in the preceding sentence are satisfied, the Company shall, as soon as practicable, so notify the Participant and give to the escrow agent a written notice directing the escrow agent to deliver such Shares to the Participant. As soon as practicable after receipt of such notice, the escrow agent shall deliver to the Participant the Shares specified in such notice, and the Escrow shall terminate with respect to such Shares. 

7\. ADJUSTMENTS FOR CHANGES IN CAPITAL STRUCTURE.

Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, in the event of any change in the Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, whether through merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination of shares, exchange of shares, or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, or in the event of payment of a dividend or distribution to the stockholders of the Company in a form other than Stock (excepting normal cash dividends) that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value of shares of Stock, appropriate adjustments shall be made in the number and class of shares subject to the Award. For purposes of the foregoing, conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as “effected without receipt of consideration by the Company.” Any fractional share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number. The Committee in its sole discretion, may also make such adjustments in the terms of any Award to reflect, or related to, such changes in the capital structure of the Company or distributions as it deems appropriate. The adjustments determined by the Committee pursuant to this Section shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

5 

* * *

8\. LEGENDS.

The Company may at any time place legends referencing the Company Reacquisition Right and any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing the Shares. The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing the Shares in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this Section. Unless otherwise specified by the Company, legends placed on such certificates may include, but shall not be limited to, the following: 

“THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THIS CORPORATION AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER, OR HIS PREDECESSOR IN INTEREST, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THIS CORPORATION.” 

9\. TRANSFERS IN VIOLATION OF AGREEMENT.

No Shares may be sold, exchanged, transferred (including, without limitation, any transfer to a nominee or agent of the Participant), assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, including by operation of law, in any manner which violates any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except pursuant to an Ownership Change Event, until the date on which such shares become Vested Shares, and any such attempted disposition shall be void. The Company shall not be required (a) to transfer on its books any Shares which will have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions set forth in this Agreement or (b) to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote as such owner or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom such Shares will have been so transferred. In order to enforce its rights under this Section, the Company shall be authorized to give a stop transfer instruction with respect to the Shares to the Company’s transfer agent. 

10\. RIGHTS AS A STOCKHOLDER.

The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares subject to the Award until the date of the issuance of a certificate for such Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date such certificate is issued, except as provided in Section 7. Subject the provisions of this Agreement, the Participant shall exercise all rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to Shares deposited in the Escrow pursuant to Section 6. 

11\. RIGHTS AS EMPLOYEE, CONSULTANT OR BOARD MEMBER.

If the Participant is an Employee, the Participant understands and acknowledges that, except as otherwise provided in a separate, written employment agreement between a Participating Company and the Participant, the Participant’s employment is “at will” and is for 

6 

* * *

no specified term. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Service of a Participating Company or interfere in any way with any right of the Participating Company Group to terminate the Participant’s Service at any time. 

12\. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS.

12.1 Administration. All questions of interpretation concerning the Grant Notice and this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee. All determinations by the Committee shall be final and binding upon all persons having an interest in the Award. Any Officer shall have the authority to act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has apparent authority with respect to such matter, right, obligation, or election. 

12.2 Amendment. The Committee may amend this Agreement at any time; provided, however, that no such amendment may adversely affect the Participant’s rights under this Agreement without the consent of the Participant. No amendment or addition to this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing. 

12.3 Nontransferability of the Award. The right to acquire Shares pursuant to the Award may not be assigned or transferred in any manner except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. During the lifetime of the Participant, all rights with respect to this Award shall be exercisable only by the Participant. 

12.4 Further Instruments. The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 

12.5 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, be binding upon the Participant and the Participant’s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 

12.6 Delivery of Documents and Notices. Any document relating to participation in the Plan or any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (except to the extent that this Agreement provides for effectiveness only upon actual receipt of such notice) upon personal delivery, electronic delivery at the e-mail address, if any, provided for the Participant by a Participating Company, or upon deposit in the U.S. Post Office or foreign postal service, by registered or certified mail, or with a nationally recognized overnight courier service, with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other party at the address shown below that party’s signature to the Grant Notice or at such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to time to the other party. 

(a) Description of Electronic Delivery. The Plan documents, which may include but do not necessarily include: the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan Prospectus, and any reports of the Company provided generally to the Company’s stockholders, 

7 

* * *

may be delivered to the Participant electronically. In addition, the parties may deliver electronically any notices called for in connection with the Escrow. Such means of electronic delivery may include but do not necessarily include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. 

(b) Consent to Electronic Delivery. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read Section 12.6(a) of this Agreement and consents to the electronic delivery of the Plan documents and notices in connection with the Escrow, as described in Section 12.6(a). The Participant acknowledges that he or she may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost to the Participant by contacting the Chief Financial Officer of the Company by telephone or in writing. The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails. Similarly, the Participant understands that the Participant must provide the Company or any designated third party administrator with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails. The Participant may revoke his or her consent to the electronic delivery of documents described in Section 12.6(a) or may change the electronic mail address to which such documents are to be delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address) at any time by notifying the Company of such revoked consent or revised e-mail address by telephone, postal service or electronic mail. Finally, the Participant understands that he or she is not required to consent to electronic delivery of documents described in Section 12.6(a). 

12.7 Integrated Agreement. The Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan, together with any employment, service or other agreement between the Participant and a Participating Company referring to the Award shall constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the Participant and the Participating Company Group with respect to the subject matter contained herein or therein and supersedes any prior agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations, or warranties among the Participant and the Participating Company Group with respect to such subject matter other than those as set forth or provided for herein or therein. To the extent contemplated herein or therein, the provisions of the Grant Notice and the Agreement shall survive any settlement of the Award and shall remain in full force and effect. 

12.8 Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware as such laws are applied to agreements between Delaware residents entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of Delaware. 

12.9 Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

8 

* * *  
  
Notice of Grant of Award

and Award Agreement

InPhonic, Inc.  
ID:52-2199384  
1010 Wisconsin Avenue, N.W.  
Suite 600  
Washington, DC 20007  
  
Employee Name

Award Number:  
  
Employee Address

Plan: 2004  
  
Anycity, USA 12345

ID:  
  
Effective  / /20 , you have been granted an award of  shares of InPhonic, Inc. (the Company) common stock. These shares are restricted until the vest date(s) shown below. 

The current total value of the award is $ . 

The award will vest in increments on the date(s) shown.   
  
Shares

* * *

Full Vest

* * *  
  
By your signature and the Company’s signature below, you and the Company agree that this award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Company’s Award Plan as amended and the Award Agreement, all of which are attached and made a part of this document.   
  
* * *

* * *  
  
InPhonic, Inc.

Date  
  
* * *

* * *  
  
Employee Name

Date  
  
Date:  / /20

Time: 

9 
