Exhibit 10.30 

SOLAZYME, INC. 

2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 



Pursuant to your Stock Option Grant Notice (“Grant Notice”) and this Stock Option Agreement, SOLAZYME, INC. (the “Company”) has granted you an option under its 2011 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN (the “Plan”) to purchase the number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock indicated in your Grant Notice at the exercise price indicated in your Grant Notice. Defined terms not explicitly defined in this Stock Option Agreement but defined in the Plan shall have the same definitions as in the Plan. 

The details of your option are as follows: 

1\. VESTING. Subject to the limitations contained herein, your option will vest as provided in your Grant Notice, provided that vesting will cease upon the termination of your Continuous Service Status. 

2\. NUMBER OF SHARES AND EXERCISE PRICE. The number of shares of Common Stock subject to your option and your exercise price per share referenced in your Grant Notice may be adjusted from time to time for Capitalization Adjustments. 

3\. METHOD OF PAYMENT. Payment of the exercise price is due in full upon exercise of all or any part of your option. You may elect to make payment of the exercise price in cash or by check or in any other manner permitted by your Grant Notice, which may include one or more of the following: (a) a broker-assisted cashless exercise that complies with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; or (b) to the extent expressly permitted by the Committee, (i) other Shares that have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the Shares as to which such Option shall be exercised; or (ii) such other consideration and method of payment for the issuance of Shares to the extent permitted by applicable laws. 

4\. WHOLE SHARES. You may exercise your option only for whole shares of Common Stock. 

5\. SECURITIES LAW COMPLIANCE. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, you may not exercise your option unless the shares of Common Stock issuable upon such exercise are then registered under the Securities Act or, if such shares of Common Stock are not then so registered, the Company has determined that such exercise and issuance would be exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The exercise of your option also must comply with other applicable laws and regulations governing your option, and you may not exercise your option if the Company determines that such exercise would not be in material compliance with such laws and regulations. 

* * *

6\. TERM. You may not exercise your option before the commencement or after the expiration of its term. The term of your option commences on the Date of Grant and expires upon the earliest of the following: 

(a) three (3) months after the termination of your Continuous Service Status for any reason other than your Disability or death; 

(b) twelve (12) months after the termination of your Continuous Service Status due to your Disability; 

(c) eighteen (18) months after your death if you die either during your Continuous Service Status or within three (3) months after your Continuous Service Status terminates; 

(d) the Expiration Date indicated in your Grant Notice; or 

(e) the day before the tenth (10th) anniversary of the Date of Grant. 

If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, note that to obtain the federal income tax advantages associated with an Incentive Stock Option, the Code requires that at all times beginning on the date of grant of your option and ending on the day three (3) months before the date of your option’s exercise, you must be an employee of the Company or a “parent corporation” or “subsidiary corporation” (each as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code) of the Company, except in the event of your death or your permanent and total disability, as defined in Section 22(e) of the Code. The Company cannot guarantee that your option will necessarily be treated as an Incentive Stock Option if you continue to provide services as a Consultant or Director after your employment terminates or if you otherwise exercise your option more than three (3) months after the date your employment with the Company or a “parent corporation” or “subsidiary corporation” of the Company terminates. 

7\. EXERCISE. 

(a) You may exercise the vested portion of your option during its term by delivering a Notice of Exercise (in a form designated by the Company) together with the exercise price to the Secretary of the Company, or to such other person as the Company may designate, during regular business hours, together with such additional documents as the Company may then require. 

(b) By exercising your option you agree that, as a condition to any exercise of your option, the Company may require you to enter into an arrangement providing for the payment by you to the Company of any tax withholding obligation of the Company arising by reason of (1) the exercise of your option, (2) the lapse of any substantial risk of forfeiture to which the shares of Common Stock are subject at the time of exercise, or (3) the disposition of shares of Common Stock acquired upon such exercise. 

2 

* * *

(c) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, by exercising your option you agree that you will notify the Company in writing within fifteen (15) days after the date of any disposition of any of the shares of the Common Stock issued upon exercise of your option that occurs within two (2) years after the date of your option grant or within one (1) year after such shares of Common Stock are transferred upon exercise of your option. 

8\. TRANSFERABILITY. 

(a) If your option is an Incentive Stock Option, your option is not transferable, except by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, and is exercisable during your life only by you. Notwithstanding the foregoing, by delivering written notice to the Company, in a form satisfactory to the Company, you may designate a third party who, in the event of your death, shall thereafter be entitled to exercise your option. 

(b) If your option is a Nonstatutory Stock Option, your option is not transferable, except (i) by will or by the laws of descent and distribution and (ii) with the prior written approval of the Committee in its sole discretion, as permitted by Form S-8 under the Securities Act of 1933. 

9\. OPTION NOT A SERVICE CONTRACT. Your option is not an employment or service contract, and nothing in your option shall be deemed to create in any way whatsoever any obligation on your part to continue in the employ of the Company or an Affiliate, or of the Company or an Affiliate to continue your employment. In addition, nothing in your option shall obligate the Company or an Affiliate, their respective stockholders, Boards of Directors, Officers or Employees to continue any relationship that you might have as a Director or Consultant for the Company or an Affiliate. 

10\. WITHHOLDING OBLIGATIONS. 

(a) At the time you exercise your option, in whole or in part, or at any time thereafter as requested by the Company, you hereby authorize withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to you, and otherwise agree to make adequate provision for (including by means of a “cashless exercise” pursuant to a program developed under Regulation T as promulgated by the Federal Reserve Board to the extent permitted by the Company), any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Company or an Affiliate, if any, which arise in connection with the exercise of your option. 

(b) Upon your request and subject to approval by the Company, in its sole discretion, and compliance with any applicable legal conditions or restrictions, the Company may withhold from fully vested shares of Common Stock otherwise issuable to you upon the exercise of your option a number of whole shares of Common Stock having a Fair Market Value, determined by the Company as of the date of exercise, not in excess of the minimum amount of tax 

3 

* * *

required to be withheld by law (or such lower amount as may be necessary to avoid variable award accounting). Any adverse consequences to you arising in connection with such share withholding procedure shall be your sole responsibility. 

(c) You may not exercise your option unless the tax withholding obligations of the Company and/or any Affiliate are satisfied. Accordingly, you may not be able to exercise your option when desired even though your option is vested, and the Company shall have no obligation to issue a certificate for such shares of Common Stock or release such shares of Common Stock from any escrow provided for herein unless such obligations are satisfied. 

11\. NOTICES. Any notices provided for in your option or the Plan shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given upon receipt or, in the case of notices delivered by mail by the Company to you, five (5) days after deposit in the United States mail, postage prepaid, addressed to you at the last address you provided to the Company. 

12\. GOVERNING PLAN DOCUMENT. Your option is subject to all the provisions of the Plan, the provisions of which are hereby made a part of your option, and is further subject to all interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations, which may from time to time be promulgated and adopted pursuant to the Plan. In the event of any conflict between the provisions of your option and those of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall control. 

4 
