Exhibit 10.4 

QUANTUM CORPORATION 



FOR NON-U.S. EMPLOYEES 

Quantum Corporation (the “Company”) hereby grants you (the “Employee”), the number of Restricted Stock Units under the Company’s 1993 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) indicated below. Subject to the provisions of Appendix A, any special terms and provisions for your country set forth in Appendix B and of the Plan, the principal features of this award are as follows:   
  
Number of Restricted Stock Units: [NUMBER]  
Scheduled Vesting Dates: Number of Units:  
  
[DATE]

[NUMBER]  
  
[DATE]

[NUMBER]  
  
[DATE]

[NUMBER]  
  
Termination Date: [DATE]  
  
IMPORTANT: 

By electronically accepting this award, you agree that this award is subject to all of the terms and conditions contained in Appendix A, Appendix B and the Plan. For example, important additional information on vesting and forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units covered by this grant is contained in Paragraphs 3 through 5 of Appendix A. Especially, you consent that the Company may use and transfer your personal information as described in Paragraph 15 of Appendix A. PLEASE BE SURE TO READ ALL OF APPENDIX A AND ANY PROVISIONS FOR YOUR COUNTRY SET FORTH IN APPENDIX B, WHICH, TOGETHER, CONTAIN THE SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS GRANT. 

In addition, by accepting this award, you agree to the following: “This electronic contract contains my electronic signature, which I have executed with the intent to sign this Agreement.” Please be sure to retain a copy of your electronically signed Agreement; you may obtain a paper copy at any time and at the Company’s expense by requesting one from the Company’s Stock Administration Department (see paragraph 13 below). 

* * *

APPENDIX A - TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT GRANT 

FOR NON-U.S. EMPLOYEES 

1\. Grant. The Company hereby grants to the Employee under the Plan the number of Restricted Stock Units indicated on the first page of this Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Agreement, this Appendix A, any special terms and conditions for the Employee’s country set forth in Appendix B and the Plan. When Shares are paid to the Employee in payment for the Restricted Stock Units, par value will be deemed paid by the Employee for each Restricted Stock Unit by past services rendered by the Employee and will be subject to the appropriate tax withholdings. 

2\. Company’s Obligation to Pay. On any date, a Restricted Stock Unit has a value equal to the Fair Market Value of one Share. Unless and until the Restricted Stock Units have vested in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set forth on the first page of this Agreement, the Employee will have no right to payment of the Restricted Stock Units. Prior to actual payment of any vested Restricted Stock Units, Restricted Stock Units represent an unsecured obligation of the Company, payable (if at all) only from the general assets of the Company. 

3\. Vesting Schedule. Except as provided in paragraph 4, and subject to paragraph 5, the Restricted Stock Units subject to this grant will vest as to the number of Restricted Stock Units, and on the dates shown, on the first page of this Agreement, but in each case, only if the Employee’s Continuous Status as an Employee has not been interrupted. 

4\. Administrator Discretion. The Administrator, in its discretion, may accelerate the vesting of all or a portion of the Restricted Stock Units at any time, subject to the terms of the Plan. If so accelerated, such Restricted Stock Units will be considered as having been earned (vested) as of the date specified by the Administrator. Notwithstanding anything in the Plan or this Agreement to the contrary, if the vesting of the balance, or some lesser portion of the balance, of the Restricted Stock Units is accelerated in connection with the interruption of the Employee’s Continuous Status as an Employee (provided that such interruption is a “separation from service” within the meaning of Section 409A, as determined by the Company), other than due to death, and if (x) the Employee is a “specified employee” within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of such interruption and (y) the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will result in the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A if paid to the Employee on or within the six (6) month period following the interruption of the Employee’s Continuous Status as an Employee, then the payment of such accelerated Restricted Stock Units will not be made until the date six (6) months and one (1) day following the date of such interruption, unless the Employee dies during such six (6) month period, in which case, the Restricted Stock Units will be paid to the Employee’s estate as soon as practicable following his or her death, subject to paragraph 8. It is the intent of this Agreement to comply with the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the Restricted Stock Units provided under this Agreement or Shares issuable thereunder will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities herein will be interpreted to so comply. For purposes of this Agreement, “Section 409A” means Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), and any proposed, temporary or final Treasury Regulations and Internal Revenue Service guidance thereunder, as each may be amended from time to time. 

5\. Forfeiture. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, the balance of the Restricted Stock Units that have not vested pursuant to paragraphs 3 or 4 will be forfeited and cancelled automatically on the first to occur of (a) the date the Employee’s Continuous Status as an Employee is interrupted or (b) the Termination Date set forth on first page of this Agreement. 

-2- 

* * *

6\. Payment after Vesting. Subject to paragraph 4, Restricted Stock Units that vest will be paid to the Employee (or in the event of the Employee’s death, to his or her estate) in Shares as soon as practicable following the date of vesting, but in each such case no later than the date that is two-and-one-half months from the end of the Company’s tax year that includes the vesting date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and if permitted by the Administrator, the Employee may elect to defer the payout of vested Restricted Stock Units by properly completing and submitting a Restricted Stock Unit Deferral Election to the Company in accordance with the directions on the Election form and such rules and procedures as shall be determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, which rules and procedures shall comply with the requirements of Section 409A, unless otherwise expressly determined by the Administrator. 

7\. Death of the Employee. Any distribution or delivery to be made to the Employee under this Agreement will, if the Employee is then deceased, be made to the administrator or executor of the Employee’s estate. Any such transferee must furnish the Company with (a) written notice of his or her status as transferee, and (b) evidence satisfactory to the Company to establish the validity of the transfer and compliance with any laws or regulations pertaining to said transfer. 

8\. Withholding of Taxes. Regardless of any action the Company or the Employee’s employer (the “Employer”) takes with respect to any or all income tax, social insurance, payroll tax, payment on account or other tax-related items related to the Employee’s participation in the Plan and legally applicable to the Employee (“Tax-Related Items”), the Employee acknowledges that the ultimate liability for all Tax-Related Items is and remains his or her responsibility and may exceed the amount to be withheld by the Company or the Employer. The Employee further acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (1) make no representations or undertakings regarding the treatment of any Tax-Related Items in connection with any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units, including, but not limited to, the grant, vesting or settlement of the Restricted Stock Units, the issuance of Shares upon settlement of the RSU, the subsequent sale of Shares acquired pursuant to such issuance and the receipt of any dividends; and (2) do not commit to structure the terms of the grant or any aspect of the Restricted Stock Units to reduce or eliminate the Employee’s liability for Tax-Related Items or achieve any particular tax result. Further, if the Employee has become subject to tax in more than one jurisdiction between the date of grant and the date of any relevant taxable event, the Employee acknowledges that the Company and/or the Employer (or former employer, as applicable) may be required to withhold or account for Tax-Related Items in more than one jurisdiction. 

The Company may withhold a portion of the payment due with respect to vested Restricted Stock Units that has an aggregate market value sufficient to pay the Tax-Related Items required to be withheld by the Company. Notwithstanding any contrary provision of this Agreement, no payment will be made to the Employee (or his or her estate) for Restricted Stock Units unless and until satisfactory arrangements (as determined by the Administrator) have been made by the Employee with respect to the payment of Tax-Related Items that the Company determines must be withheld or collected with respect to the Restricted Stock Units. In addition, the Employee agrees that the Company or the Employer may withhold from amounts otherwise due to the Employee, including Employee’s salary, to the extent necessary to satisfy any withholding obligation that may arise with respect to the Restricted Stock Units prior to payment of vested Restricted Stock Units. 

-3- 

* * *

9\. Rights as Stockholder. Neither the Employee nor any person claiming under or through the Employee will have any of the rights or privileges of a stockholder of the Company in respect of any Shares deliverable hereunder unless and until certificates representing such Shares have been issued, recorded on the records of the Company or its transfer agents or registrars, and delivered to the Employee. Except as provided in paragraph 12, after such issuance, recordation, and delivery, the Employee will have all the rights of a stockholder of the Company with respect to voting such Shares and receipt of dividends and distributions on such Shares. 

10\. Nature of Grant. In accepting the grant, the Employee acknowledges that: 

(a) the Plan is established voluntarily by the Company, it is discretionary in nature and it may be modified, amended, suspended or terminated by the Company at any time; 

(b) the grant of the Restricted Stock Units is voluntary and occasional and does not create any contractual or other right to receive future grants of Restricted Stock Units, or benefits in lieu of Restricted Stock Units, even if Restricted Stock Units have been granted repeatedly in the past; 

(c) all decisions with respect to future Restricted Stock Units grants, if any, will be at the sole discretion of the Company; 

(d) the Employee’s participation in the Plan shall not create a right to further employment with the Employer and shall not interfere with the ability of the Employer to terminate the Employee’s employment relationship at any time; 

(e) the Employee is voluntarily participating in the Plan; 

(f) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are an extraordinary item that does not constitute compensation of any kind for services of any kind rendered to the Company or the Employer, and which is outside the scope of the Employee’s employment contract, if any; 

(g) the Restricted Stock Units and the Shares subject to the Restricted Stock Units are not part of normal or expected compensation or salary for any purposes, including, but not limited to, calculating any severance, resignation, termination, redundancy, dismissal, end of service payments, bonuses, long-service awards, pension or retirement or welfare benefits or similar payments and in no event should be considered as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Employer or any Subsidiary or affiliate; 

(h) the Restricted Stock Unit grant and the Employee’s participation in the Plan will not be interpreted to form an employment contract or relationship with the Company or any Subsidiary or affiliate of the Company; 

(i) the future value of the underlying Shares is unknown and cannot be predicted with certainty; 

-4- 

* * *

(j) in consideration of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, no claim or entitlement to compensation or damages shall arise from forfeiture of the Restricted Stock Units resulting from termination of employment with the Company or the Employer (for any reason whatsoever and whether or not in breach of local labor laws) and the Employee irrevocably releases the Company and the Employer from any such claim that may arise; if, notwithstanding the foregoing, any such claim is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen, the Employee shall be deemed irrevocably to have waived his or her entitlement to pursue such claim; and 

(k) in the event of termination of employment (whether or not in breach of local labor laws), the Employee’s right to vest in the Restricted Stock Units under the Plan, if any, will terminate effective as of the date that the Employee is no longer actively employed and will not be extended by any notice period mandated under local law (e.g., active employment would not include a period of “garden leave” or similar period pursuant to local law); the Administrator shall have the exclusive discretion to determine when the Employee is no longer actively employed for purposes of the Restricted Stock Unit grant. 

11\. No Advice Regarding Grant. 

(a) the Company is not providing any tax, legal or financial advice, nor is the Company making any recommendations regarding the Employee’s participation in the Plan, or the Employee’s acquisition or sale of the underlying Shares; and 

(b) the Employee is hereby advised to consult with his or her own personal tax, legal and financial advisors regarding his or her participation in the Plan before taking any action related to the Plan. 

12\. Changes in Shares. In the event that as a result of a stock dividend, stock split, reclassification, recapitalization, combination of Shares or the adjustment in capital stock of the Company or otherwise, or as a result of a merger, consolidation, spin-off or other reorganization, the Restricted Stock Units will be increased, reduced or otherwise changed, and by virtue of any such change the Employee will in his capacity as owner of unvested Restricted Stock Units which have been awarded to him (the “Prior Units”) be entitled to new or additional or different restricted stock units, cash, or securities (other than rights or warrants to purchase securities), such new or additional or different restricted stock units, cash, or securities will thereupon be considered to be unvested Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to all of the conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Prior Units pursuant to this Agreement and the Plan. If the Employee receives rights or warrants with respect to any Prior Units, such rights or warrants may be held or exercised by the Employee, provided that until such exercise any such rights or warrants and after such exercise any shares or other securities acquired by the exercise of such rights or warrants will be considered to be unvested Restricted Stock Units and will be subject to all of the conditions and restrictions which were applicable to the Prior Units pursuant to the Plan and this Agreement. The Administrator in its absolute discretion at any time may accelerate the vesting of all or any portion of such new or additional units, cash or securities, rights or warrants to purchase securities or shares or other securities acquired by the exercise of such rights or warrants. 

13\. Address for Notices. Any notice to be given to the Company under the terms of this Agreement will be addressed to the Company, in care of the Company’s Stock Administration Department, at Quantum Corporation, 1650 Technology Drive, Suite 800, San Jose, CA 95110, or at such other address as the Company may hereafter designate in writing. 

-5- 

* * *

14\. Grant is Not Transferable. Except to the limited extent provided in paragraph 7 above, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby will not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any way (whether by operation of law or otherwise) and will not be subject to sale under execution, attachment or similar process. Upon any attempt to transfer, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise dispose of this grant, or any right or privilege conferred hereby, or upon any attempted sale under any execution, attachment or similar process, this grant and the rights and privileges conferred hereby immediately will become null and void. 

15\. Data Privacy Notice. All of Employee’s information that is described or referenced in this Agreement and the Plan may be used by the Company and its Subsidiaries and affiliates to administer and manage Employee’s participation in the Plan. Employee understands that he or she may contact the Company’s international privacy officer if Employee needs to update or correct any of the information. The Company will transfer this information to, and store this information in one or several of its U.S. offices. In addition, if necessary to administer and manage Employee’s participation in the Plan, the Company may transfer to, or share this information with its Subsidiaries and affiliates and any third party agents acting on the Company’s behalf to provide services to Employee, or any other third parties or governmental agencies, as required or permitted by law or the Safe Harbor framework established by the U.S. Department of Commerce. In particular, without limitation, the Company has engaged eTrade and any entity controlled by, controlling, or under common control with eTrade (“eTrade’s affiliates”; and together with eTrade collectively “eTrade”) to provide brokerage services and to help administer the Company’s stock plans. eTrade is acting primarily as a data processing agent under the Company’s instructions and directions, but eTrade reserved the right to share Employee’s information with eTrade’s affiliates. Except as provided in this Section or as required or permitted by law or the Safe Harbor framework established by the U.S. Department of Commerce, the Company will not disclose Employee’s information outside the Company without Employee’s consent. 

Unless Employee notifies Company within 30 days of the grant of the Restricted Stock Units the Company may use and transfer Employee’s personal information as described in this paragraph 15, particularly as it concerns transfers to eTrade. Employee understands that participation in the Plan is entirely voluntary and that his or her denial of consent does not have any adverse effects other than exclusion from the Plan. 

16\. Restrictions on Sale of Securities. The Shares issued as payment for vested Restricted Stock Units under this Agreement will be registered under U.S. federal securities laws and will be freely tradable upon receipt. However, an Employee’s subsequent sale of the Shares may be subject to any market blackout-period that may be imposed by the Company and must comply with the Company’s insider trading policies, and any other applicable securities laws. 

17\. Binding Agreement. Subject to the limitation on the transferability of this grant contained herein, this Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the heirs, legatees, legal representatives, successors, and assigns of the parties hereto. 

18\. Additional Conditions to Issuance of Certificates for Shares. If at any time the Company will determine, in its discretion, that the listing, registration or qualification of Shares upon any securities exchange or under any state or federal law, or the consent or approval of any governmental 

-6- 

* * *

regulatory authority is necessary or desirable as a condition to the settlement of Restricted Stock Units pursuant to paragraph 6, such settlement will not occur unless and until such listing, registration, qualification, consent or approval will have been effected or obtained free of any conditions not acceptable to the Company. The Company will make all reasonable efforts to meet the requirements of any such state or federal law or securities exchange and to obtain any such consent or approval of any such governmental authority. 

19\. Electronic Delivery. The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to this or future grants of Restricted Stock Units by electronic means or to request Employee’s consent to participate in the Plan by electronic means. Employee hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and, if requested, to accept this or future grants of Restricted Stock Units through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 

20\. Plan Governs. This Agreement is subject to all terms and provisions of the Plan. In the event of a conflict between one or more provisions of this Agreement and one or more provisions of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan will govern. Capitalized terms used and not defined in this Agreement will have the meaning set forth in the Plan. 

21\. Administrator Authority. The Administrator will have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation, and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret or revoke any such rules (including, but not limited to, the determination of whether or not any Restricted Stock Units have vested). All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith will be final and binding upon the Employee, the Company, and all other interested persons. No person acting as the Administrator will be personally liable for any action, determination, or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan or this Agreement. 

22\. Captions. Captions provided herein are for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 

23\. Agreement Severable. In the event that any provision in this Agreement will be held invalid or unenforceable, such provision will be severable from, and such invalidity or unenforceability will not be construed to have any effect on, the remaining provisions of this Agreement. 

24\. Modifications to the Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties on the subjects covered. The Employee expressly warrants that he or she is not accepting this Agreement in reliance on any promises, representations, or inducements other than those contained herein. Modifications to this Agreement or the Plan can be made only in an express written agreement executed by a duly authorized officer of the Company. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Plan or this Agreement, the Company reserves the right to revise this Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of the Employee, to comply with Section 409A or to otherwise avoid imposition of any additional tax or income recognition under Section 409A in connection with these Restricted Stock Units (including settlement or payment thereof). 

-7- 

* * *

25\. Language. If the Employee has received this Agreement or any other document related to the Plan translated into a language other than English and if the meaning of the translated version is different than the English version, the English version will control. 

26\. Appendix. Notwithstanding any provisions in this Agreement, the Restricted Stock Unit grant shall be subject to any special terms and conditions set forth in any Appendix B to this Agreement for the Employee’s country. Moreover, if the Employee relocates to one of the countries included in the Appendix B, the special terms and conditions for such country will apply to the Employee, to the extent the Company determines that the application of such terms and conditions is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan. The Appendix B constitutes part of this Agreement. 

27\. Imposition of Other Requirements. The Company reserves the right to impose other requirements on the Employee’s participation in the Plan, or the Restricted Stock Units and on any Shares acquired under the Plan, to the extent the Company determines it is necessary or advisable in order to comply with local law or facilitate the administration of the Plan, and to require the Employee to sign any additional agreements or undertakings that may be necessary to accomplish the foregoing. 

28\. Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan. By accepting this award, the Employee expressly warrants that he or she has received a right to an equity based award under the Plan, and has received, read, and understood a description of the Plan. The Employee understands that the Plan is discretionary in nature and may be modified, suspended, or terminated by the Company at any time. 

29\. Notice of Governing Law. This award of Restricted Stock Units shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws. 

For purposes of litigating any dispute that arises directly or indirectly from the relationship of the parties evidenced by this grant or the Agreement, the parties hereby submit to and consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the State of California and agree that such litigation shall be conducted only in the courts of Santa Clara County, California, or the federal courts for the United States for the Northern District of California, and in no other courts, where this grant is made and/or to be performed. 

o O o 

-8- 

* * *

APPENDIX B – COUNTRY- SPECIFIC TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

This Appendix B includes additional terms and conditions that govern the Restricted Stock Units granted to the Employee if the Employee resides in one of the countries listed herein. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Agreement or the Plan. 

Australia 

Restricted Stock Units Only Payable in Common Shares. Notwithstanding any provision in the Agreement, with respect to all Employees residing in Australia, the Company will pay all vested Restricted Stock Units only in Shares. Employees residing in Australia will not receive an equivalent cash payment with respect to vested Restricted Stock Units. 

France 

Language Consent. The parties acknowledge that it is their express wish that the Agreement, including Appendix A and B, as well as all documents, notices, and legal proceedings entered into, given or instituted pursuant hereto or relating directly or indirectly hereto, be drawn up in English. 

Consentement relatif à la langue utilisée. Les Parties reconnaissent avoir souhaité expressement la rédaction en langue anglaise de cette convention, incluant Annexe A et B ainsi que de tous les documents, notices et documentation juridique fournis ou mis en oeuvre, directement ou indirectement, relativement à ou suite à la présente convention. 

Germany 

There are no country-specific terms and conditions. 

India

Fringe Benefit Tax. By accepting the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the Employee consents and agrees to assume any liability for fringe benefit tax that may be payable by the Company and/or the Employer in connection with the Restricted Stock Units. 

Further, by accepting the grant of the Restricted Stock Units, the Employee agrees that the Company and/or the Employer may collect the fringe benefit tax from the Employee by any of the means set forth in paragraph 8 or any other reasonable method established by the Company. The Employee further agrees to execute any other consents or elections required to accomplish the above, promptly upon request of the Company.

Exchange Control Notification. The Employee must repatriate the proceeds from the sale of Shares and any dividends received in relation to the Shares to India within a reasonable time of receipt. The Employee must maintain the foreign inward remittance certificate received from the bank where the foreign currency is deposited in the event that the Reserve Bank of India or the Employer requests proof of repatriation. 

-9- 

* * *

Italy

Data Privacy Notice. The following provision replaces paragraph 15 of Appendix A in its entirety: 

The Employee hereby explicitly and unambiguously consents to the collection, use, processing and transfer, in electronic or other form, of the Employee’s personal data as described herein by and among, as applicable, the Employer, the Company and any Subsidiary for the exclusive purpose of implementing, administering, and managing the Employee’s participation in the Plan. 

The Employee understands that the Employer, the Company and any Subsidiary may hold certain personal information about the Employee, including, but not limited to, the Employee’s name, home address and telephone number, date of birth, social insurance (to the extent permitted under Italian law) or other identification number, salary, nationality, job title, any shares or directorships held in the Company or any Subsidiary, details of all option granted, or any other entitlement to shares of Stock awarded, canceled, exercised, vested, unvested or outstanding in the Employee’s favor, for the exclusive purpose of implementing, managing and administering the Plan (“Data”). 

The Employee also understand that providing the Company with Data is necessary for the performance of the Plan and that the Employee’s refusal to provide such Data would make it impossible for the Company to perform its contractual obligations and may affect the Employee’s ability to participate in the Plan. The Controller of personal data processing is Quantum Corporation, with registered offices at 1650 Technology Drive, Suite 800, San Jose, California 95110, U.S.A., and, pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, its Representative in Italy for privacy purposes is Quantum Sàrl, with offices at Piazza San Babila 4/A, 20122 Milano, Italy. 

The Employee understands that Data will not be publicized, but it may be transferred to banks, other financial institutions, or brokers involved in the management and administration of the Plan. The Employee understands that Data may also be transferred to the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by the Company. The Employee further understand that the Company and/or any Subsidiary will transfer Data among themselves as necessary for the purpose of implementing, administering and managing the Employee’s participation in the Plan, and that the Company and/or any Subsidiary may each further transfer Data to third parties assisting the Company in the implementation, administration, and management of the Plan, including any requisite transfer of Data to a broker or other third party with whom the Employee may elect to deposit any shares of Stock acquired at vesting of the Restricted Stock Units. Such recipients may receive, possess, use, retain, and transfer Data in electronic or other form, for the purposes of implementing, administering, and managing the Employee’s participation in the Plan. The Employee understands that these recipients may be located in or outside the European Economic Area, such as in the United States or elsewhere. Should the Company exercise its discretion in suspending all necessary legal obligations connected with the management and administration of the Plan, it will delete Data as soon as it has completed all the necessary legal obligations connected with the management and administration of the Plan. 

The Employee understands that Data-processing related to the purposes specified above shall take place under automated or non-automated conditions, anonymously when possible, that comply with the purposes for which Data is collected and with confidentiality and security provisions, as set forth by applicable laws and regulations, with specific reference to Legislative Decree no. 196/2003. 

-10- 

* * *

The processing activity, including communication, the transfer of Data abroad, including outside of the European Economic Area, as herein specified and pursuant to applicable laws and regulations, does not require the Employee’s consent thereto, as the processing is necessary to performance of contractual obligations related to implementation, administration, and management of the Plan. The Employee understands that, pursuant to Section 7 of the Legislative Decree no. 196/2003, the Employee has the right to, including but not limited to, access, delete, update, correct, or terminate, for legitimate reason, the Data-processing. 

Furthermore, the Employee is aware that Data will not be used for direct-marketing purposes. In addition, Data provided can be reviewed and questions or complaints can be addressed by contacting the Employee’s local human resources representative. 

Japan 

There are no country-specific terms and conditions. 

Korea 

There are no country-specific terms and conditions. 

Malaysia 

Director Notification. If the Employee is a director of a Malaysian Subsidiary of the Company, the Employee is subject to certain notification requirements under the Malaysian Companies Act, 1965. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Malaysian Subsidiary in writing when the Employee receives an interest (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) in the Company or any related companies. In addition, the Employees must notify the Malaysian Subsidiary when the Employee sells Shares of the Company or any related company (including when the Employee sells Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within fourteen days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any related company. 

Singapore 

Director Notification. If the Employee is a director, associate director or shadow director of a Singapore Subsidiary of the Company, the Employee is subject to certain notification requirements under the Singapore Companies Act. Among these requirements is an obligation to notify the Singapore Subsidiary in writing when the Employee receives an interest (e.g., Restricted Stock Units) in the Company or any related companies. In addition, the Employee must notify the Singapore Subsidiary when the Employee sells Shares of the Company or any related company (including when the Employee sells Shares acquired under the Plan). These notifications must be made within two days of acquiring or disposing of any interest in the Company or any related company. In addition, a notification must be made of the Employee’s interests in the Company or any related company within two days of becoming a director, associate director or shadow director. 

Switzerland 

There are no country-specific terms and conditions. 

-11- 
