Exhibit 10.18

HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC.  


Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. has granted to the Participant named in the Notice of Grant of Restricted Stock (the “Grant Notice”) to which this Restricted Stock Agreement (the “Agreement”) is attached an Award consisting of Shares subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Grant Notice and this Agreement. The Award has been granted pursuant to the Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. 2008 Stock Plan (the “Plan”), as amended to the Date of Grant, the provisions of which are incorporated herein by reference. By signing the Grant Notice, the Participant: (a) acknowledges receipt of and represents that the Participant has read and is familiar with the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan and a Plan prospectus for the Shares in the form most recently registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “Plan Prospectus”), (b) accepts the Award subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan and (c) agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Grant Notice, this Agreement or the Plan. 

1. Definitions and Construction.

1.1 Definitions. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Grant Notice or the Plan. 

1.2 Construction. Captions and titles contained herein are for convenience only and shall not affect the meaning or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement. Except when otherwise indicated by the context, the singular shall include the plural and the plural shall include the singular. Use of the term “or” is not intended to be exclusive, unless the context clearly requires otherwise. 

2. Administration.

All questions of interpretation concerning the Grant Notice and this Agreement shall be determined by the Committee. All determinations by the Committee shall be final and binding upon all persons having an interest in the Award. Any Officer of a Participating Company shall have the authority to act on behalf of the Company with respect to any matter, right, obligation, or election which is the responsibility of or which is allocated to the Company herein, provided the Officer has been delegated such authority by the Committee with respect to such matter, right, obligation, or election. 

3. The Award.

3.1 Grant and Issuance of Shares. On the Date of Grant, the Participant shall acquire and the Company shall issue, subject to the provisions of this Agreement, a number of Shares equal to the Total Number of Shares set forth in the Grant Notice. As a condition to the issuance of the Shares, the Participant shall execute and deliver to the Company along with the Grant Notice the Assignment Separate from Certificate duly endorsed (with date and number of Shares blank) in the form attached to the Grant Notice. 

* * *

##### 

3.2 No Monetary Payment Required. The Participant is not required to make any monetary payment (other than applicable tax withholding, if any) as a condition to receiving the Shares, the consideration for which shall be past services actually rendered and/or future services to be rendered to a Participating Company or for its benefit. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if required by applicable state corporate law, the Participant shall furnish consideration in the form of cash or past services rendered to a Participating Company or for its benefit having a value not less than the par value of the Shares issued pursuant to the Award. 

3.3 Beneficial Ownership of Shares; Certificate Registration. The Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit the Shares with the Company’s transfer agent, including any successor transfer agent, to be held in book entry form during the term of the Escrow pursuant to Section 6. Furthermore, the Participant hereby authorizes the Company, in its sole discretion, to deposit, following the term of such Escrow, for the benefit of the Participant with any broker with which the Participant has an account relationship of which the Company has notice any or all Shares which are no longer subject to such Escrow. Except as provided by the foregoing, a certificate for the Shares shall be registered in the name of the Participant, or, if applicable, in the names of the heirs of the Participant. 

3.4 Issuance of Shares in Compliance with Law. The issuance of the Shares shall be subject to compliance with all applicable requirements of federal, state or foreign law with respect to such securities. No Shares shall be issued hereunder if their issuance would constitute a violation of any applicable federal, state or foreign securities laws or other law or regulations or the requirements of any stock exchange or market system upon which the Stock may then be listed. The inability of the Company to obtain from any regulatory body having jurisdiction the authority, if any, deemed by the Company’s legal counsel to be necessary to the lawful issuance of any Shares shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained. As a condition to the issuance of the Shares, the Company may require the Participant to satisfy any qualifications that may be necessary or appropriate, to evidence compliance with any applicable law or regulation and to make any representation or warranty with respect thereto as may be requested by the Company. 

4. Vesting of Shares.

The Shares shall vest and become Vested Shares as provided in the Grant Notice. For purposes of determining the number of Vested Shares following an Ownership Change Event, credited Service shall include all Service with any corporation which is a Participating Company at the time the Service is rendered, whether or not such corporation is a Participating Company both before and after the Ownership Change Event. 

5. Company Reacquisition Right.

5.1 Grant of Company Reacquisition Right. In the event that (a) the Participant’s Service terminates for any reason or no reason, with or without cause, or (b) the Participant, the Participant’s legal representative, or other holder of the Shares, attempts to sell, exchange, transfer, pledge, or otherwise dispose of (other than pursuant to an Ownership Change Event), including, without limitation, any transfer to a nominee or agent of the Participant, any 

2

* * *

##### 

Shares which are not Vested Shares (“Unvested Shares”), the Company shall automatically reacquire the Unvested Shares, and the Participant shall not be entitled to any payment therefor (the “Company Reacquisition Right”). 

5.2 Ownership Change Event. Upon the occurrence of an Ownership Change Event, any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property to which the Participant is entitled by reason of the Participant’s ownership of Unvested Shares shall be immediately subject to the Company Reacquisition Right and included in the terms “Shares,” “Stock” and “Unvested Shares” for all purposes of the Company Reacquisition Right with the same force and effect as the Unvested Shares immediately prior to the Ownership Change Event. For purposes of determining the number of Vested Shares following an Ownership Change Event, credited Service shall include all Service with any corporation which is a Participating Company at the time the Service is rendered, whether or not such corporation is a Participating Company both before and after the Ownership Change Event. 

6. Escrow.

6.1 Appointment of Agent. To ensure that Shares subject to the Company Reacquisition Right will be available for reacquisition, the Participant and the Company hereby appoint the Secretary of the Company, or any other person designated by the Company, as their agent and as attorney-in-fact for the Participant (the “Agent”) to hold any and all Unvested Shares and to sell, assign and transfer to the Company any such Unvested Shares reacquired by the Company pursuant to the Company Reacquisition Right. The Participant understands that appointment of the Agent is a material inducement to make this Agreement and that such appointment is coupled with an interest and is irrevocable. The Agent shall not be personally liable for any act the Agent may do or omit to do hereunder as escrow agent, agent for the Company, or attorney-in-fact for the Participant while acting in good faith and in the exercise of the Agent’s own good judgment, and any act done or omitted by the Agent pursuant to the advice of the Agent’s own attorneys shall be conclusive evidence of such good faith. The Agent may rely upon any letter, notice or other document executed by any signature purporting to be genuine and may resign at any time. 

6.2 Establishment of Escrow. The Participant authorizes the Company to deposit the Unvested Shares with the Company’s transfer agent to be held in book entry form, as provided in Section 3.3, and the Participant agrees to deliver to and deposit with the Agent each certificate, if any, evidencing the Shares and an Assignment Separate from Certificate with respect to such book entry shares and each such certificate duly endorsed (with date and number of Shares blank) in the form attached to the Grant Notice, to be held by the Agent under the terms and conditions of this Section 6 (the “Escrow”). Upon the occurrence of an Ownership Change Event or a change, as described in Section 8, in the character or amount of any outstanding stock of the corporation the stock of which is subject to the provisions of this Agreement, any and all new, substituted or additional securities or other property to which the Participant is entitled by reason of his or her ownership of the Shares that remain, following such Ownership Change Event or change described in Section 8, subject to the Company Reacquisition Right shall be immediately subject to the Escrow to the same extent as the Shares immediately before such event. The Company shall bear the expenses of the Escrow. 

3

* * *

##### 

6.3 Delivery of Shares to Participant. The Escrow shall continue with respect to any Shares for so long as such Shares remain subject to the Company Reacquisition Right. Upon termination of the Reacquisition Right with respect to Shares, the Company shall so notify the Agent and direct the Agent to deliver such number of Shares to the Participant. As soon as practicable after receipt of such notice, the Agent shall cause to be delivered to the Participant the Shares specified by such notice, and the Escrow shall terminate with respect to such Shares. 

7. Tax Matters.

7.1 Tax Withholding.

(a) In General. At the time the Grant Notice is executed, or at any time thereafter as requested by a Participating Company, the Participant hereby authorizes withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant, and otherwise agrees to make adequate provision for, any sums required to satisfy the federal, state, local and foreign tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company, if any, which arise in connection with the Award, including, without limitation, obligations arising upon (a) the transfer of Shares to the Participant, (b) the lapsing of any restriction with respect to any Shares, (c) the filing of an election to recognize tax liability, or (d) the transfer by the Participant of any Shares. The Company shall have no obligation to deliver the Shares or to release any Shares from the Escrow established pursuant to Section 6 until the tax withholding obligations of the Participating Company have been satisfied by the Participant. 

(b) Assignment of Sale Proceeds; Payment of Tax Withholding by Check. Subject to compliance with applicable law and the Company’s Insider Trading Policy, the Participant shall satisfy the Participating Company’s tax withholding obligations in accordance with procedures established by the Company providing for delivery by the Participant to the Company or a broker approved by the Company of properly executed instructions, in a form approved by the Company, providing for the assignment to the Company of the proceeds of a sale with respect to some or all of the Shares becoming Vested Shares on a Vesting Date as provided in the Grant Notice. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Participant may elect to pay by check the amount of the Participating Company’s tax withholding obligations arising on any Vesting Date by delivering written notice of such election to the Company on a form specified by the Company for this purpose at least thirty (30) days (or such other period established by the Company) prior to such Vesting Date. By making such election, the Participant agrees to deliver a check for the full amount of the required tax withholding to the applicable Participating Company on or before the third business day following the Vesting Date. If the Participant elects to pay the required tax withholding by check but fails to make such payment as required by the preceding sentence, the Company is hereby authorized at its discretion, to satisfy the tax withholding obligations through any other means authorized by this Section 7, including by effecting a sale of some or all of the Shares becoming Vested Shares on the Vesting Date, withholding from payroll and any other amounts payable to the Participant or by withholding Shares in accordance with Section 7.1(c). 

4

* * *

##### 

(c) Withholding in Shares. The Company may, in its discretion, permit or require the Participant to satisfy all or any portion of a Participating Company’s tax withholding obligations by deducting a number of whole, Vested Shares otherwise deliverable to the Participant or by the Participant’s tender to the Company of a number of whole, Vested Shares or vested shares acquired otherwise than pursuant to the Award having, in any such case, a fair market value, as determined by the Company as of the date on which the tax withholding obligations arise, not in excess of the amount of such tax withholding obligations determined by the applicable minimum statutory withholding rates. Any adverse consequences to the Participant resulting from the procedure permitted under this Section, including, without limitation, tax consequences, shall be the sole responsibility of the Participant. 

7.2 Election Under Section 83(b) of the Code.

(a) The Participant understands that Section 83 of the Code taxes as ordinary income the difference between the amount paid for the Shares, if anything, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares as of the date on which the Shares are “substantially vested,” within the meaning of Section 83 of the Code. In this context, “substantially vested” means that the right of the Company to reacquire the Shares pursuant to the Company Reacquisition Right has lapsed. The Participant understands that he or she may elect to have his or her taxable income determined at the time he or she acquires the Shares rather than when and as the Company Reacquisition Right lapses by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service no later than thirty (30) days after the date of acquisition of the Shares. The Participant understands that failure to make a timely filing under Section 83(b) of the Code will result in his or her recognition of ordinary income, as the Company Reacquisition Right lapses, on the difference between the purchase price, if anything, and the Fair Market Value of the Shares at the time such restrictions lapse. The Participant further understands, however, that if Shares with respect to which an election under Section 83(b) of the Code has been made are forfeited to the Company pursuant to its Company Reacquisition Right, such forfeiture will be treated as a sale on which there is realized a loss equal to the excess (if any) of the amount paid (if any) by the Participant for the forfeited Shares over the amount realized (if any) upon their forfeiture. If the Participant has paid nothing for the forfeited Shares and has received no payment upon their forfeiture, the Participant understands that he or she will be unable to recognize any loss on the forfeiture of the Shares even though the Participant incurred a tax liability by making an election under Section 83(b) of the Code. 

(b) The Participant understands that he or she should consult with his or her tax advisor regarding the advisability of filing with the Internal Revenue Service an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, which must be filed no later than thirty (30) days after the date of the acquisition of the Shares pursuant to this Agreement. Failure to file an election under Section 83(b) of the Code, if appropriate, may result in adverse tax consequences to the Participant. The Participant acknowledges that he or she has been advised to consult with a tax advisor regarding the tax consequences to the Participant of the acquisition of Shares hereunder. ANY ELECTION UNDER SECTION 83(b) OF THE CODE THE PARTICIPANT WISHES TO MAKE MUST BE FILED NO LATER THAN 30 DAYS AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH THE PARTICIPANT ACQUIRES THE SHARES. THIS TIME PERIOD CANNOT BE EXTENDED. THE PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES THAT TIMELY FILING OF A SECTION 83(b) ELECTION IS THE PARTICIPANT’S SOLE RESPONSIBILITY, EVEN IF THE PARTICIPANT REQUESTS THE COMPANY OR ITS REPRESENTATIVE TO FILE SUCH ELECTION ON HIS OR HER BEHALF. 

5

* * *

##### 

(c) The Participant will notify the Company in writing if the Participant files an election pursuant to Section 83(b) of the Code. The Company intends, in the event it does not receive from the Participant evidence of such filing, to claim a tax deduction for any amount which would otherwise be taxable to the Participant in the absence of such an election. 

8. Adjustments for Changes in Capital Structure.

Subject to any required action by the stockholders of the Company, in the event of any change in the Stock effected without receipt of consideration by the Company, whether through merger, consolidation, reorganization, reincorporation, recapitalization, reclassification, stock dividend, stock split, reverse stock split, split-up, split-off, spin-off, combination of shares, exchange of shares, or similar change in the capital structure of the Company, or in the event of payment of a dividend or distribution to the stockholders of the Company in a form other than Stock (excepting normal cash dividends) that has a material effect on the Fair Market Value of Shares of Stock, appropriate adjustments shall be made in the number and kind of shares subject to the Award, in order to prevent dilution or enlargement of the Participant’s rights under the Award. For purposes of the foregoing, conversion of any convertible securities of the Company shall not be treated as “effected without receipt of consideration by the Company.” Any fractional share resulting from an adjustment pursuant to this Section shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number. Such adjustments shall be determined by the Committee, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

9. Rights as a Stockholder, Director, Employee or Consultant.

The Participant shall have no rights as a stockholder with respect to any Shares subject to the Award until the date of the issuance of the Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment shall be made for dividends, distributions or other rights for which the record date is prior to the date the Shares are issued, except as provided in Section 8. Subject the provisions of this Agreement, the Participant shall exercise all rights and privileges of a stockholder of the Company with respect to Shares deposited in the Escrow pursuant to Section 6. If the Participant is an Employee, the Participant understands and acknowledges that, except as otherwise provided in a separate, written employment agreement between a Participating Company and the Participant, the Participant’s employment is “at will” and is for no specified term. Nothing in this Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right to continue in the Service of a Participating Company or interfere in any way with any right of the Participating Company Group to terminate the Participant’s Service at any time. 

10. Legends.

The Company may at any time place legends referencing the Company Reacquisition Right and any applicable federal, state or foreign securities law restrictions on all certificates representing the Shares. The Participant shall, at the request of the Company, promptly present to the Company any and all certificates representing the Shares in the possession of the Participant in order to carry out the provisions of this Section. Unless otherwise specified by the Company, legends placed on such certificates may include, but shall not be limited to, the following: 

6

* * *

##### 

“THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED BY THIS CERTIFICATE ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS SET FORTH IN AN AGREEMENT BETWEEN THIS CORPORATION AND THE REGISTERED HOLDER, OR HIS PREDECESSOR IN INTEREST, A COPY OF WHICH IS ON FILE AT THE PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THIS CORPORATION.” 

11. Transfers in Violation of Agreement.

No Shares may be sold, exchanged, transferred, assigned, pledged, hypothecated or otherwise disposed of, including by operation of law, in any manner which violates any of the provisions of this Agreement and, except pursuant to an Ownership Change Event, until the date on which such Shares become Vested Shares, and any such attempted disposition shall be void. The Company shall not be required (a) to transfer on its books any Shares which will have been transferred in violation of any of the provisions set forth in this Agreement or (b) to treat as owner of such Shares or to accord the right to vote as such owner or to pay dividends to any transferee to whom such Shares will have been so transferred. In order to enforce its rights under this Section, the Company shall be authorized to give a stop transfer instruction with respect to the Shares to the Company’s transfer agent. 

12. Miscellaneous Provisions.

12.1 Termination or Amendment. The Committee may terminate or amend the Plan or this Agreement at any time; provided, however, that no such termination or amendment may adversely affect the Participant’s rights under this Agreement without the consent of the Participant unless such termination or amendment is necessary to comply with applicable law or government regulation. No amendment or addition to this Agreement shall be effective unless in writing. 

12.2 Nontransferability of the Award. The right to acquire Shares pursuant to the Award shall not be subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, exchange, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or garnishment by creditors of the Participant or the Participant’s beneficiary, except transfer by will or by the laws of descent and distribution. All rights with respect to the Award shall be exercisable during the Participant’s lifetime only by the Participant or the Participant’s guardian or legal representative. 

12.3 Further Instruments. The parties hereto agree to execute such further instruments and to take such further action as may reasonably be necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. 

12.4 Binding Effect. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company and, subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth herein, be binding upon the Participant and the Participant’s heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. 

7

* * *

##### 

12.5 Delivery of Documents and Notices. Any document relating to participation in the Plan or any notice required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed effectively given (except to the extent that this Agreement provides for effectiveness only upon actual receipt of such notice) upon personal delivery, electronic delivery at the e-mail address, if any, provided for the Participant by a Participating Company, or upon deposit in the U.S. Post Office or foreign postal service, by registered or certified mail, or with a nationally recognized overnight courier service, with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other party at the address shown below that party’s signature to the Grant Notice or at such other address as such party may designate in writing from time to time to the other party. 

(a) Description of Electronic Delivery. The Plan documents, which may include but do not necessarily include: the Plan, the Grant Notice, this Agreement, the Plan Prospectus, and any reports of the Company provided generally to the Company’s stockholders, may be delivered to the Participant electronically. In addition, the parties may deliver electronically any notices called for in connection with the Escrow and the Participant may deliver electronically the Grant Notice to the Company or to such third party involved in administering the Plan as the Company may designate from time to time. Such means of electronic delivery may include but do not necessarily include the delivery of a link to a Company intranet or the internet site of a third party involved in administering the Plan, the delivery of the document via e-mail or such other means of electronic delivery specified by the Company. 

(b) Consent to Electronic Delivery. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has read Section 12.5(a) of this Agreement and consents to the electronic delivery of the Plan documents, the Grant Notice and notices in connection with the Escrow, as described in Section 12.5(a). The Participant acknowledges that he or she may receive from the Company a paper copy of any documents delivered electronically at no cost to the Participant by contacting the Company by telephone or in writing. The Participant further acknowledges that the Participant will be provided with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails. Similarly, the Participant understands that the Participant must provide the Company or any designated third-party administrator with a paper copy of any documents if the attempted electronic delivery of such documents fails. The Participant may revoke his or her consent to the electronic delivery of documents described in Section 12.5(a) or may change the electronic mail address to which such documents are to be delivered (if Participant has provided an electronic mail address) at any time by notifying the Company of such revoked consent or revised e-mail address by telephone, postal service or electronic mail. Finally, the Participant understands that he or she is not required to consent to electronic delivery of documents described in Section 12.5(a). 

12.6 Integrated Agreement. The Grant Notice, this Agreement and the Plan together with any employment, service or other agreement between the Participant and the Participating Company Group referring to the Award shall constitute the entire understanding and agreement of the Participant and the Participating Company Group with respect to the subject matter contained herein or therein and supersedes any prior agreements, understandings, restrictions, representations, or warranties among the Participant and the Participating Company Group with respect to such subject matter other than those as set forth or provided for herein or therein. To the extent contemplated herein or therein, the provisions of the Grant Notice and the Agreement shall survive any settlement of the Award and shall remain in full force and effect. 

8

* * *

##### 

12.7 Applicable Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of California as such laws are applied to agreements between California residents entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of California. 

12.8 Counterparts. The Grant Notice may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

9

* * *

##### 

ASSIGNMENT SEPARATE FROM CERTIFICATE 

FOR VALUE RECEIVED the undersigned does hereby sell, assign and transfer unto  ( ) shares of the Capital Stock of HALOZYME THERAPEUTICS, INC. standing in the undersigned’s name on the books of said corporation represented by Certificate No.  herewith and does hereby irrevocably constitute and appoint  Attorney to transfer the said stock on the books of said corporation with full power of substitution in the premises. 

Dated:   
  
Signature   
Print Name   
  
Instructions: Please do not fill in any blanks other than the signature line. The purpose of this assignment is to enable the Company to exercise its Company Reacquisition Right set forth in the Restricted Stock Agreement without requiring additional signatures on the part of the Participant. 
