##### 

Exhibit 10.2  
  


Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc.  
  
FEIN: 36-3857684  
  
Two North Riverside Plaza  
  
Suite 800  
  
Chicago, Illinois 60606  
  
Grantee’s Name 

Plan:  1992 Stock Option and Stock  
  
Grantee’s Address 

Award Plan, as amended and restated  
  
Grantee’s ID:   
  
1. Effective ___, you have been granted a Stock Award of ___Shares of Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc. (the “Company”).  
2. The Shares subject to this Stock Award will become fully vested on the respective dates shown below:  
  
Shares (#) Vest Type Full Vesting  
  
On Vest Date   
  
On Vest Date   
  
On Vest Date   
  
3. (a) This Agreement is subject in all respects to the Plan (as defined below). The Plan is incorporated herein by reference as though set forth in full; unless the context requires otherwise, capitalized terms not defined herein shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Plan.  
(b) The authority to manage and control the operation and administration of this Agreement and interpret the provisions of this Agreement shall be vested in the Committee. Any interpretation of this Agreement by the Committee and any decision made by the Committee hereunder is final and binding on all persons.  
(c) This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written agreement executed by the parties hereto or their respective successors and legal representatives. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement.  
(d) This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, written or oral, with respect thereto.  
  
* * *

##### 

By your signature and the Company’s signature below, you and the Company agree that this Stock Award is granted under and governed by the terms and conditions of the Company’s 1992 Stock Option and Stock Award Plan (as amended and restated) (the “Plan”).   
  
Equity LifeStyle Properties, Inc.  
  
By:  
  
Name:  
Title:  Date  
  
Grantee  Date
