  


  


PENUMBRA, INC.



STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT

Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Agreement (this “Option Agreement”).

I.NOTICE OF STOCK OPTION GRANT

Name:

Address:

The undersigned Participant has been granted an Option to purchase Common Stock of the Company, subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, as follows:  
  
Date of Grant:  
  
Vesting Commencement Date:  
  
Exercise Price per Share:

$  
  
Total Number of Shares Granted:  
  
Total Exercise Price:

$  
  
Type of Option:

_____ Incentive Stock Option  
  
_____ Nonstatutory Stock Option  
  
Term/Expiration Date:  
  
Vesting Schedule: This Option shall be exercisable, in whole or in part, according to the following vesting schedule:

[Twenty-five percent (25%) of the Shares subject to this Option shall vest on the one (1) year anniversary of the Vesting Commencement Date, and one forty-eighth (1/48th) of the Shares subject to this Option shall vest each month thereafter on the same day of the month as the Vesting Commencement Date (and if there is no corresponding day, on the last day of the month), subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through each such date.]

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event of a Change in Control, and subject to Participant continuing to be a Service Provider through the date of such Change in Control, Participant will fully 

  


* * *

  


  


vest in and have the right to exercise all of the Shares subject to this Option. The Administrator will notify Participant in writing or electronically that this Option will be exercisable for a period of time determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion, and, to the extent the Administrator determines, terminate upon or immediately prior to the effectiveness of the Change in Control.

Termination Period:

This Option shall be exercisable for three (3) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider, unless Participant ceases to be a Service Provider as a result of such Participant’s death or Disability, in which case this Option shall be exercisable for six (6) months after Participant ceases to be a Service Provider. Notwithstanding the foregoing sentence, in no event may this Option be exercised after the Term/Expiration Date as provided above and this Option may be subject to earlier termination as provided in Section 15 of the Plan.

II.AGREEMENT

1.Grant of Option. The Administrator of the Company hereby grants to the Participant named in the Notice of Stock Option Grant in Part I of this Agreement (“Participant”), an option (“Option”) to purchase the number of Shares set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, at the exercise price per Share set forth in the Notice of Stock Option Grant (the “Exercise Price”), and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan, which is incorporated herein by reference. Subject to Section 20 of the Plan, in the event of a conflict between the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Option Agreement, the terms and conditions of the Plan shall prevail.

If designated in the Notice of Stock Option Grant as an Incentive Stock Option (“ISO”), this Option is intended to qualify as an Incentive Stock Option as defined in Section 422 of the Code. Nevertheless, to the extent that it exceeds the $100,000 rule of Code Section 422(d), this Option shall be treated as a Nonstatutory Stock Option (“NSO”). Further, if for any reason this Option (or portion thereof) shall not qualify as an ISO, such as due to the stockholders of the Company not approving the Plan within twelve (12) months after the date the Plan is adopted by the Board, then, to the extent of such nonqualification, such Option (or portion thereof) shall be regarded as a NSO granted under the Plan. In no event shall the Administrator, the Company or any Parent or Subsidiary or any of their respective employees or directors have any liability to Participant (or any other person) due to the failure of this Option to qualify for any reason as an ISO.

2.Exercise of Option.

(a)Right to Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable during its term in accordance with the Vesting Schedule set out in the Notice of Stock Option Grant and with the applicable provisions of the Plan and this Option Agreement.

(b)Method of Exercise. This Option shall be exercisable by delivery of an exercise notice in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Exercise Notice”) or in a manner and pursuant to such procedures as the Administrator may determine, which shall state the election to exercise this Option, the number of Shares with respect to which this Option is being exercised (the “Exercised Shares”), and such other representations and agreements as may be required by the Company. The 

  


-2-

* * *

  


  


Exercise Notice shall be accompanied by payment of the aggregate Exercise Price as to all Exercised Shares, together with any applicable tax withholding. This Option shall be deemed to be exercised upon receipt by the Company of such fully executed Exercise Notice accompanied by the aggregate Exercise Price, together with any applicable tax withholding.

No Shares shall be issued pursuant to the exercise of an Option unless such issuance and such exercise comply with Applicable Laws. Assuming such compliance, for income tax purposes the Shares shall be considered transferred to Participant on the date on which this Option is exercised with respect to such Shares.

3.Lock-Up Period. Participant hereby agrees that Participant shall not offer, pledge, sell, contract to sell, sell any option or contract to purchase, purchase any option or contract to sell, grant any option, right or warrant to purchase, lend, or otherwise transfer or dispose of, directly or indirectly, any Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company or enter into any swap, hedging or other arrangement that transfers to another, in whole or in part, any of the economic consequences of ownership of any Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company held by Participant (other than those included in the registration) for a period specified by the representative of the underwriters of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company not to exceed one hundred and eighty (180) days following the effective date of any registration statement of the Company filed under the Securities Act (or such other period as may be requested by the Company or the underwriters to accommodate regulatory restrictions on (i) the publication or other distribution of research reports and (ii) analyst recommendations and opinions, including, but not limited to, the restrictions contained in NASD Rule 2711(f)(4) or NYSE Rule 472(f)(4), or any successor provisions or amendments thereto). 

Participant agrees to execute and deliver such other agreements as may be reasonably requested by the Company or the underwriters which are consistent with the foregoing or which are necessary to give further effect thereto. In addition, if requested by the Company or the representative of the underwriters of Common Stock (or other securities) of the Company, Participant shall provide, within ten (10) days of such request, such information as may be required by the Company or such representative in connection with the completion of any public offering of the Company’s securities pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act. The obligations described in this Section 3 shall not apply to a registration relating solely to employee benefit plans on Form S-1 or Form S-8 or similar forms that may be promulgated in the future, or a registration relating solely to a Commission Rule 145 transaction on Form S-4 or similar forms that may be promulgated in the future. The Company may impose stop-transfer instructions with respect to the shares of Common Stock (or other securities) subject to the foregoing restriction until the end of said one hundred and eighty (180) day (or other) period. Participant agrees that any transferee of this Option or shares acquired pursuant to this Option shall be bound by this Section 3.

4.Method of Payment. Payment of the aggregate Exercise Price shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of Participant:

(a) cash; 

(b) check;

  


-3-

* * *

  


  


(c) consideration received by the Company under a formal cashless exercise program adopted by the Company in connection with the Plan; or 

(d) surrender of other Shares which (i) shall be valued at its Fair Market Value on the date of exercise, and (ii) must be owned free and clear of any liens, claims, encumbrances or security interests, if accepting such Shares, in the sole discretion of the Administrator, shall not result in any adverse accounting consequences to the Company.

5.Restrictions on Exercise. This Option may not be exercised if the issuance of such Shares upon such exercise or the method of payment of consideration for such shares would constitute a violation of any Applicable Law.

6.Non-Transferability of Option. This Option may not be transferred in any manner otherwise than by will or by the laws of descent or distribution and may be exercised during the lifetime of Participant only by Participant. The terms of the Plan and this Option Agreement shall be binding upon the executors, administrators, heirs, successors and assigns of Participant.

7.Term of Option. This Option may be exercised only within the term set out in the Notice of Stock Option Grant, and may be exercised during such term only in accordance with the Plan and the terms of this Option Agreement.

8.Tax Obligations.

(e) Tax Withholding. Participant agrees to make appropriate arrangements with the Company (or the Parent or Subsidiary employing or retaining Participant) for the satisfaction of all Federal, state, local and foreign income and employment tax withholding requirements applicable to the Option exercise. Participant acknowledges and agrees that the Company may refuse to honor the exercise and refuse to deliver the Shares if such withholding amounts are not delivered at the time of exercise.

(f) Notice of Disqualifying Disposition of ISO Shares. If the Option granted to Participant herein is an ISO, and if Participant sells or otherwise disposes of any of the Shares acquired pursuant to the ISO on or before the later of (i) the date two (2) years after the Date of Grant, or (ii) the date one (1) year after the date of exercise, Participant shall immediately notify the Company in writing of such disposition. Participant agrees that Participant may be subject to income tax withholding by the Company on the compensation income recognized by Participant. 

(g) Code Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan or this Option Agreement to the contrary, this Option is intended to be exempt from Code Section 409A; provided, that the Company does not guarantee to Participant any particular tax treatment of the Option. In no event whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalties that may be imposed on Participant by Code Section 409A or any damages for failing to comply with Code Section 409A.

9.Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan is incorporated herein by reference. The Plan and this Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject 

  


-4-

* * *

  


  


matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Participant’s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant. This Option Agreement is governed by the internal substantive laws but not the choice of law rules of California.

10.No Guarantee of Continued Service. PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE VESTING OF SHARES PURSUANT TO THE VESTING SCHEDULE HEREOF IS EARNED ONLY BY CONTINUING AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT THE WILL OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING PARTICIPANT) AND NOT THROUGH THE ACT OF BEING HIRED, BEING GRANTED THIS OPTION OR ACQUIRING SHARES HEREUNDER. PARTICIPANT FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THIS AGREEMENT, THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREUNDER AND THE VESTING SCHEDULE SET FORTH HEREIN DO NOT CONSTITUTE AN EXPRESS OR IMPLIED PROMISE OF CONTINUED ENGAGEMENT AS A SERVICE PROVIDER FOR THE VESTING PERIOD, FOR ANY PERIOD, OR AT ALL, AND SHALL NOT INTERFERE IN ANY WAY WITH PARTICIPANT’S RIGHT OR THE RIGHT OF THE COMPANY (OR THE PARENT OR SUBSIDIARY EMPLOYING OR RETAINING PARTICIPANT) TO TERMINATE PARTICIPANT’S RELATIONSHIP AS A SERVICE PROVIDER AT ANY TIME, WITH OR WITHOUT CAUSE.

  


[SIGNATURE PAGE FOLLOWS]

  


  


-5-

* * *

  


  


Participant acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and represents that he or she is familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts this Option subject to all of the terms and provisions thereof. Participant has reviewed the Plan and this Option in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Option and fully understands all provisions of this Option. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Administrator upon any questions arising under the Plan or this Option. Participant further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the residence address indicated below.

  
  
  
PARTICIPANT

PENUMBRA, INC.  
  
Signature

By  
  
Print Name

Print Name  
  
Title  
  
Residence Address  
  
  


  


* * *

  


  


EXHIBIT A

AMENDED AND RESTATED 2014 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

EXERCISE NOTICE

  


Penumbra, Inc.

1 Penumbra Place

1351 Harbor Bay Parkway

Alameda, CA 94502

  


Attention: Treasurer

1.Exercise of Option. Effective as of today, ________________, ____, the undersigned (“Participant”) hereby elects to exercise Participant’s option (the “Option”) to purchase ________________ shares of the Common Stock (the “Shares”) of Penumbra, Inc. (the “Company”) under and pursuant to the Amended and Restated 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (the “Plan”) and the Stock Option Agreement dated ______________, _____ (the “Option Agreement”).

2. Delivery of Payment. Participant herewith delivers to the Company the full purchase price of the Shares, as set forth in the Option Agreement, and any and all withholding taxes due in connection with the exercise of the Option.

3. Representations of Participant. Participant acknowledges that Participant has received, read and understood the Plan and the Option Agreement and agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions.

4. Rights as Stockholder. Until the issuance of the Shares (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company), no right to vote or receive dividends or any other rights as a stockholder shall exist with respect to the Common Stock subject to an Award, notwithstanding the exercise of the Option. The Shares shall be issued to Participant as soon as practicable after the Option is exercised in accordance with the Option Agreement. No adjustment shall be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date of issuance except as provided in Section 15 of the Plan.

5. Tax Consultation. Participant understands that Participant may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s purchase or disposition of the Shares. Participant represents that Participant has consulted with any tax consultants Participant deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Shares and that Participant is not relying on the Company for any tax advice.

6. Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Exercise Notice to single or multiple assignees, and this Exercise Notice shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assigns of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer 

  


* * *

  


  


herein set forth, this Exercise Notice shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assigns.

7. Interpretation. Any dispute regarding the interpretation of this Exercise Notice shall be submitted by Participant or by the Company forthwith to the Administrator, which shall review such dispute at its next regular meeting. The resolution of such a dispute by the Administrator shall be final and binding on all parties.

8. Governing Law; Severability. This Exercise Notice is governed by the internal substantive laws, but not the choice of law rules, of California. In the event that any provision hereof becomes or is declared by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, unenforceable or void, this Exercise Notice shall continue in full force and effect.

9. Entire Agreement. The Plan and Option Agreement are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan and the Option Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof, and may not be modified adversely to the Participant’s interest except by means of a writing signed by the Company and Participant.  
  
Submitted by:

Accepted by:  
  
PARTICIPANT

PENUMBRA, INC.  
  
Signature

By  
  
Print Name

Print Name  
  
Address:

Title  
  
Date Received  
  
  


  


  


  


-2- 
