Exhibit 10(f)(2) 



CEC ENTERTAINMENT, INC. 2004 RESTRICTED STOCK PLAN   
  
Grantee:  
  
Address:  
  
Number of

Awarded Shares:  
  
Grant Date:  
  
Vesting of Awarded Shares: Date No. Shares Vested %  
%   
%  
%  
%  
Total 100%  
  
CEC Entertainment, Inc., a Kansas corporation (the “Company”), hereby grants to the individual whose name appears above (“Grantee”), pursuant to the provisions of the CEC Entertainment, Inc. 2004 Restricted Stock Plan, as amended from time to time in accordance with its terms (the “Plan”), a restricted stock award (this “Award”) of shares (the “Awarded Shares”) of its common stock, par value $.10 per share (the “Common Stock”), effective as of the date of grant as set forth above (the “Grant Date”), upon and subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Restricted Stock Agreement (this “Agreement”) and in the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined in this Agreement, capitalized terms used in this Agreement shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan. 

1\. Effect of the Plan. The Awarded Shares granted to Grantee are subject to all of the provisions of the Plan and of this Agreement, together with all rules and determinations from time to time issued by the Committee pursuant to the Plan. The Company, by action of the Committee or the Board, hereby reserves the right to alter, amend, revise, suspend, or discontinue the Plan without the consent of Grantee, so long as such alteration, amendment, revision, suspension or discontinuance shall not adversely affect the rights and benefits available to Grantee hereunder, and this Award shall be subject, without further action by the Company or Grantee, to such alteration, amendment, revision, suspension or discontinuance unless provided otherwise therein. 

2\. Grant. This Award shall evidence Grantee’s ownership of the Awarded Shares. Grantee agrees that the Awarded Shares shall be subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan, including the forfeiture conditions set forth in Section 4 of this Agreement, the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5 of this Agreement and the satisfaction of the Required Withholding as set forth in Section 8(a) of this Agreement. Grantee 

70 

* * *

acknowledges that he or she will not receive a stock certificate representing the Awarded Shares unless and until the Awarded Shares vest as provided in this Award and all tax withholding obligations applicable to the Vested Awarded Shares (as defined below) have been satisfied. The Awarded Shares will be held in custody for Grantee, by the Company, until the Awarded Shares have vested in accordance with Section 3 of this Award. In accordance with the terms of Section 12.8 of the Plan, the stock certificates for the Awarded Shares will be endorsed with the legends contained in such Section. Upon vesting of the Awarded Shares, the Company shall, unless otherwise paid by Grantee as described in Section 8(a) of this Agreement, withhold that number of Vested Awarded Shares necessary to satisfy any applicable tax withholding obligation of Grantee in accordance with the provisions of Section 8(a) of this Agreement, and thereafter shall deliver to Grantee all remaining Vested Awarded Shares. 

3\. Vesting Schedule; Service Requirement. Except as provided otherwise in Section 4 of this Agreement, the Awarded Shares shall vest if the Grantee does not experience a Termination of Service during the period commencing with the Grant Date and ending with the applicable date that such portion of the Awarded Shares vests (each, a “Vesting Date”). Termination of Service occurs when a Grantee ceases to serve as an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary for any reason (other than due to death or disability), including, but not limited to, Grantee’s voluntary resignation or termination by the Company with or without cause. Awarded Shares that have vested pursuant to this Agreement are referred to herein as “Vested Awarded Shares” and Awarded Shares that have not yet vested pursuant to this Agreement are referred to herein as “Unvested Awarded Shares.” Subject to the provisions of Section 4 of this Agreement, if the Grantee does not experience a Termination of Service prior to an applicable Vesting Date, the Awarded Shares will vest in accordance with the Vesting Dates set forth on the first page of this Agreement under the heading “Vesting of Awarded Shares.” If an installment of the vesting would result in a fractional Vested Awarded Share, such installment will be rounded to the next lower Awarded Share, as determined by the Company, except the final installment, which will be for the balance of the Awarded Shares. 

4\. Conditions of Forfeiture. 

(a) Upon the effective date of Grantee’s Termination of Service (the “Termination Date”) before all of the Awarded Shares become Vested Awarded Shares, all Unvested Awarded Shares as of the Termination Date shall, without further action of any kind by the Company or Grantee, be forfeited. Unvested Awarded Shares that are forfeited shall be deemed to be immediately transferred to the Company without any payment by the Company or action by Grantee, and the Company shall have the full right to cancel any evidence of Grantee’s ownership of such forfeited Unvested Awarded Shares and to take any other action necessary to demonstrate that Grantee no longer owns such forfeited Unvested Awarded Shares automatically upon such forfeiture. Following such forfeiture, Grantee shall have no further rights with respect to such forfeited Unvested Awarded Shares. Grantee, by his acceptance of the Award granted pursuant to this Agreement, irrevocably grants to the Company a power of attorney to transfer to the Company Unvested Awarded Shares 

71 

* * *

that are forfeited and agrees to execute any documents requested by the Company in connection with such forfeiture and transfer. The provisions of this Agreement regarding transfers of Unvested Awarded Shares that are forfeited shall be specifically performable by the Company in a court of equity or law. 

(b) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Unvested Awarded Shares shall become vested (i) on the death of Grantee while Grantee is still an employee of the Company or a Subsidiary, (ii) in accordance with the provisions of Article 10 of the Plan relating to a Change in Control event, or (iii) or at the direction of the Committee in accordance with the provisions of Sections 6.6 and 6.10 of the Plan. 

5\. Non-Transferability. Grantee may not sell, transfer, pledge, exchange, hypothecate, or otherwise encumber or dispose of any of the Unvested Awarded Shares, or any right or interest therein, by operation of law or otherwise. Any transfer in violation of this Section 5 shall be void and of no force or effect, and shall result in the immediate forfeiture of all Unvested Awarded Shares. The Company shall not be required (i) to transfer on its books any Unvested Awarded Shares that have been sold or otherwise transferred in violation of any of the provisions of this Agreement or the Plan, or (ii) to treat as owner of such Unvested Awarded Shares, or accord the right to vote or pay or deliver dividends or other distributions to, any purchaser or other transferee to whom or which such Unvested Awarded Shares shall have been so transferred. 

6\. Dividend and Voting Rights. Subject to the restrictions contained in this Agreement, Grantee shall have the rights of a stockholder with respect to the Awarded Shares, including the right to vote all such Awarded Shares, including Unvested Awarded Shares, and to receive all dividends, paid or delivered thereon, from and after the date hereof. In the event of forfeiture of Unvested Awarded Shares, Grantee shall have no further rights with respect to such Unvested Awarded Shares. However, the forfeiture of the Unvested Awarded Shares pursuant to Section 4 hereof shall not create any obligation to repay cash dividends received as to such Unvested Awarded Shares, nor shall such forfeiture invalidate any votes given by Grantee with respect to such Unvested Awarded Shares prior to forfeiture. 

7\. Capital Adjustments and Corporate Events. If, from time to time during the term of this Agreement, there is any capital adjustment affecting the outstanding Common Stock as a class without the Company’s receipt of consideration, the Unvested Shares shall be adjusted in accordance with the provisions of the Plan. Any and all new, substituted or additional securities to which Grantee may be entitled by reason of Grantee’s ownership of the Unvested Awarded Shares hereunder because of a capital adjustment shall be immediately subject to the forfeiture provisions of this Agreement and included thereafter as “Unvested Awarded Shares” for purposes of this Agreement. 

72 

* * *

8\. Tax Matters. 

(a) The Company’s obligation to deliver Awarded Shares to Grantee upon the vesting of such shares shall be subject to the satisfaction of all applicable federal, state and local income and employment tax withholding requirements (the “Required Withholding”). If the Company has not received from Grantee payment for the full amount of the Required Withholding within five (5) business days after the Company has notified the Grantee of the amount of such Required Withholding, the Company shall withhold from the Vested Awarded Shares that otherwise would have been delivered to Grantee a number of Vested Awarded Shares of sufficient value necessary to satisfy Grantee’s Required Withholding, and deliver the remaining Vested Awarded Shares to Grantee. The amount of the Required Withholding and the number of Vested Awarded Shares to be withheld by the Company, if applicable, to satisfy Grantee’s Required Withholding, as well as the amount reflected on tax reports filed by the Company, shall be based on the value of the Vested Awarded Shares as of 12:01 A.M. Central Standard Time on the applicable Vesting Date. The obligations of the Company under this Award will be conditioned on such satisfaction of the Required Withholding. 

(b) Grantee acknowledges that the tax consequences associated with the Award are complex and that the Company has urged Grantee to review with Grantee’s own tax advisors the federal, state, and local tax consequences of this Award. Grantee is relying solely on such advisors and not on any statements or representations of the Company or any of its agents. Grantee understands that Grantee (and not the Company) shall be responsible for Grantee’s own tax liability that may arise as a result of the Award. Grantee understands further that Section 83 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), taxes as ordinary income the fair market value of the Awarded Shares as of the Vesting Date. Grantee also understands that Grantee may elect to be taxed at Grant Date rather than at the time the Awarded Shares vest by filing an election under Section 83(b) of the Code with the Internal Revenue Service and by providing a copy of the election to the Company. GRANTEE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT HE OR SHE HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE AVAILABILITY OF MAKING AN ELECTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 83(b) OF THE CODE; THAT SUCH ELECTION MUST BE FILED WITH THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE (AND A COPY OF THE ELECTION GIVEN TO THE COMPANY) WITHIN 30 DAYS OF THE GRANT OF AWARDED SHARES TO GRANTEE; AND THAT GRANTEE IS SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR MAKING SUCH ELECTION. 

9\. Entire Agreement; Governing Law. The Plan and this Agreement constitute the entire agreement of the Company and Grantee (collectively, the “Parties”) with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. If there is any inconsistency between the provisions of this Agreement and of the Plan, the provisions of the Plan shall govern. Nothing in the Plan and this Agreement (except as expressly provided therein or herein) is intended to confer any rights or remedies on any person other than the Parties. The Plan and this Agreement are to be construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Texas, without giving effect to any choice-of-law rule that would cause the 

73 

* * *

application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the laws of the State of Texas to apply to the rights and duties of the Parties. Should any provision of the Plan or this Agreement relating to the Shares be determined by a court of law to be illegal or unenforceable, such provision shall be enforced to the fullest extent allowed by law and the other provisions shall nevertheless remain effective and shall remain enforceable. 

10\. Amendment; Waiver. This Agreement may be amended or modified only by means of a written document or documents signed by the Company and Grantee. Any provision for the benefit of the Company contained in this Agreement may be waived, either generally or in any particular instance, by the Board or by the Committee. A waiver on one occasion shall not be deemed to be a waiver of the same or any other breach on a future occasion. 

11\. Notice. Except for any notice provided pursuant to Section 8(a), any notice or other communication required or permitted hereunder shall be given in writing and shall be deemed given, effective, and received upon prepaid delivery in person or by courier or upon the earlier of delivery or the third business day after deposit in the United States mail if sent by certified mail, with postage and fees prepaid, addressed to the other Party at its address as shown beneath its signature in this Agreement, or to such other address as such Party may designate in writing from time to time by notice to the other Party in accordance with this Section 11. 

12\. Lapse of Agreement. This Agreement shall be null and void in the event the Grantee fails to sign and return a counterpart hereof to the Company within sixty (60) days of its delivery to the Grantee.   
  
CEC ENTERTAINMENT, INC.  
  
By:  
  
Name:  
  
Title:  
  
Address: 4441 West Airport Freeway  
  
Irving, Texas 75062  
  
GRANTEE ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT THE SHARES SUBJECT TO THIS RESTRICTED STOCK AWARD SHALL VEST AND THE FORFEITURE RESTRICTIONS SHALL LAPSE, IF AT ALL, ONLY DURING THE PERIOD OF GRANTEE’S EMPLOYMENT OR AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED IN THIS AGREEMENT. GRANTEE FURTHER ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT NOTHING IN THIS AGREEMENT OR THE PLAN SHALL CONFER UPON GRANTEE ANY RIGHT WITH RESPECT TO FUTURE AWARDS OR CONTINUATION OF GRANTEE’S EMPLOYMENT. Grantee acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan, represents that he or she is generally familiar with the terms and provisions thereof, and hereby accepts the Restricted Stock Award 

74 

* * *

subject to all of the terms and provisions hereof and thereof. Grantee has reviewed this Agreement and the Plan in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Agreement, and understands the provisions of this Agreement and the Plan. Grantee further agrees to notify the Company upon any change in the address for notice indicated in this Agreement.   
  
Signed:  
Print Name:  
Address:  
  
75 
