Exhibit 10.1 

VERSO PAPER CORP. 

2008 INCENTIVE AWARD PLAN 

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 

AND 



Verso Paper Corp., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), pursuant to its 2008 Incentive Award Plan, as amended (the “Plan”), hereby grants to the individual listed below (“Participant”), an option to purchase the number of shares of the Company’s common stock, par value $.01 per share (“Common Stock”), set forth below (the “Option”). The Option is subject to all of the terms and conditions set forth herein and in the Stock Option Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Stock Option Agreement”) and the Plan, which are incorporated herein by reference. Unless otherwise defined herein, the terms defined in the Plan shall have the same defined meanings in this Stock Option Grant Notice (the “Grant Notice”) and the Stock Option Agreement. 

Participant:

Grant Date:

Total Number of Shares Subject to Option: shares 

Exercise Price per Share: $

Total Exercise Price: $

Expiration Date:

Type of Option: ¨ Incentive Stock Option x Non-Qualified Stock Option   
  
Vesting Schedule: Subject to the terms of the Stock Option Agreement (including, without limitation, all exhibits thereto), the Option shall vest and become exercisable with respect to  1/3 of the shares of Common Stock covered thereby on each of the first three anniversaries of the Grant Date, provided in each case that Participant is an Eligible Individual (as defined in the Plan) at all times during the period beginning on the Grant Date and ending on the applicable vesting date.  
  
[Signatures are on next page.] 

* * *

By his or her signature, Participant agrees to be bound by the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Stock Option Agreement and this Grant Notice. Participant has reviewed the Stock Option Agreement, the Plan and this Grant Notice in their entirety, has had an opportunity to obtain the advice of counsel prior to executing this Grant Notice and fully understands all provisions of this Grant Notice, the Stock Option Agreement and the Plan. Participant hereby agrees to accept as binding, conclusive and final all decisions or interpretations of the Committee upon any questions arising under the Plan or relating to the Option.   
  
VERSO PAPER CORP. PARTICIPANT  
By:

Signature:  
  
Print Name:

Print Name:  
  
Title:  
  
Address: 6775 Lenox Center Court Address:  
  
Suite 400  
  
Memphis, TN 38115-4436  
  
2 

* * *

EXHIBIT A 

TO 

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 

STOCK OPTION AGREEMENT 

Pursuant to the Stock Option Grant Notice (the “Grant Notice”) to which this Stock Option Agreement (this “Agreement”) is attached, Verso Paper Corp., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), has granted to Participant an option (the “Option”) under the Company’s 2008 Incentive Award Plan, as amended (the “Plan”), to purchase the number of shares of Common Stock indicated in the Grant Notice. 

ARTICLE I. 

GENERAL 

1.1 Defined Terms. Wherever the following terms are used in this Agreement they shall have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise. Capitalized terms not specifically defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Plan and the Grant Notice. 

(a) “Administrator” shall mean the entity that conducts the general administration of the Plan as provided in Article 12 of the Plan. With reference to the duties of the Committee under the Plan which have been delegated to one or more persons pursuant to Section 12.6 of the Plan, or as to which the Board has assumed, the term “Administrator” shall refer to such person(s) unless the Committee or the Board has revoked such delegation or the Board has terminated the assumption of such duties. 

(b) “Cause”, when used in connection with a Termination of Service of a Participant, means a Termination of Service of Participant by the Company or any Subsidiary thereof due to Participant’s: 

(i) material breach of his or her obligations under any agreement with the Company or any Subsidiary thereof, which he or she fails to cure within 15 days after receipt of a written notice of such breach (to the extent that, in the reasonable judgment of the Committee, such breach can be cured by Participant); 

(ii) willful failure to perform his or her material duties, which he or she fails to cure within 15 days after receipt of a written notice of such failure to perform (to the extent that, in the reasonable judgment of the Committee, such failure to perform can be cured by Participant); 

(iii) material breach of the Company’s or any of its Subsidiaries’ written policies or procedures, which he or she fails to cure within 15 days after receipt of a written notice of such breach (to the extent that, in the reasonable judgment of the Committee, such breach can be cured by Participant); 

(iv) willful misconduct which causes material harm to the Company or any Subsidiary thereof or their respective business reputations, which he or she fails to cure within 15 days after receipt of a written notice of such misconduct (to the extent that, in the reasonable judgment of the Committee, such misconduct can be cured by Participant); 

(v) commission of a felony or a crime of moral turpitude; or 

A-1 

* * *

(vi) willful commission of a material act of dishonesty involving the Company or any Subsidiary thereof. 

(c) “Involuntary Termination” shall mean a Participant’s Termination of Service due to: 

(i) a material reduction in Participant’s authorities or duties (not including a change in title, provided that such authorities and duties are similar and are performed in the same functional area) following a Change in Control, as compared to Participant’s authorities and duties with the Company or its Subsidiaries immediately prior to such Change in Control; 

(ii) any material reduction in Participant’s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control, except for any broad based salary reduction affecting employees of the Company who are similarly situated to Participant; or 

(iii) a material reduction in the overall value of Participant’s target bonus, profit sharing and other incentive compensation opportunities in effect immediately prior to a Change in Control, except for any broad based bonus, profit sharing, or other incentive compensation reduction affecting employees of the Company who are similarly situated to Participant. 

(d) “Retirement” shall mean a Participant’s Termination of Service due to Participant’s resignation after (1) attaining at least age 50 with at least 15 years of continuous service with Company or its Subsidiaries, (2) attaining at least age 55 with at least ten years of continuous service with the Company or its Subsidiaries, or (3) attaining at least age 60 with at least five years of continuous service with the Company or its Subsidiaries. 

(e) “Termination of Service” shall mean: 

(i) As to a Consultant, the time when the engagement of a Participant as a Consultant to the Company or a Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, with or without Cause, including, without limitation, by resignation, discharge, death or retirement, but excluding terminations where the Consultant simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(ii) As to a Non-Employee Director, the time when a Participant who is a Non-Employee Director ceases to be a Director for any reason, including, without limitation, a termination by resignation, removal or failure to be elected, death or retirement, but excluding terminations where the Participant simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary. 

(iii) As to an Employee, the time when the employee-employer relationship between a Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary is terminated for any reason, including, without limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge, death, disability or retirement, or an Involuntary Termination, but excluding terminations where the Participant simultaneously commences or remains in employment or service with the Company or any Subsidiary. 

The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to Terminations of Service, including, without limitation, the question of whether a Termination of Service resulted from a discharge for cause and all questions of whether particular leaves of absence constitute a Termination of Service; provided, however, that with respect to Incentive Stock Options, unless the Administrator otherwise provides in the terms of the Award Agreement or otherwise, a leave of absence, change in status from an employee to an independent contractor or other change in the employee-employer 

A-2 

* * *

relationship shall constitute a Termination of Service only if, and to the extent that, such leave of absence, change in status or other change interrupts employment for the purposes of Section 422(a)(2) of the Code and the then applicable regulations and revenue rulings under said Section. For purposes of the Plan, a Participant’s employee-employer relationship or consultancy relations shall be deemed to be terminated in the event that the Subsidiary employing or contracting with such Participant ceases to remain a Subsidiary following any merger, sale of stock or other corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a spin-off). 

1.2 Incorporation of Terms of Plan. The Option is subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan which are incorporated herein by reference. In the event of any inconsistency between the Plan and this Agreement, the terms of the Plan shall control. 

ARTICLE II. 

GRANT OF OPTION 

2.1 Consideration to the Company. In consideration of the grant of the Option by the Company, Participant agrees to render faithful and efficient services to the Company or any Subsidiary. Nothing in the Plan or this Agreement shall confer upon Participant any right to continue in the employ or service of the Company or any Subsidiary or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company and its Subsidiaries, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge or terminate the services of Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever, with or without Cause, except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Company or a Subsidiary and Participant. 

ARTICLE III. 

PERIOD OF EXERCISABILITY 

3.1 Commencement of Exercisability. 

(a) Subject to Sections 3.1(b), 3.1(c) and 3.3, the Option shall become vested and exercisable in such amounts and at such times as are set forth in the Grant Notice. The number of shares subject to vesting on each vesting date shall be rounded down to the nearest whole number, provided that on the final vesting date all shares that have not been eligible to become vested on any prior vesting date(s) because of the foregoing rounding convention shall be subject to vesting on the final vesting date. 

(b) Any portion of the Option which remains unvested at the date of Participant’s Termination of Service shall thereupon be forfeited, except as may otherwise be provided herein or by action of the Administrator following the Grant Date. 

(c) Notwithstanding Sections 3.1(a) and 3.1(b): 

(i) Unless otherwise provided by the Administrator in accordance with the terms of the Plan (including, without limitation, Section 13.2(b) of the Plan), and except as otherwise provided below, in the event of a Change in Control, the Company shall, in accordance with Section 13.2(b)(ii) of the Plan, require that the Option be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or that the Option be substituted for by similar options, rights or awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and prices, and the Option shall continue to be eligible to become vested and exercisable in such amounts and at such times as are set forth in the Grant Notice, subject to the foregoing adjustments. 

A-3 

* * *

(ii) In the event of Participant’s death or Disability, or in the event of Participant’s Termination of Service by the Company without Cause on or prior to the consummation of a Change in Control, the Option shall become vested and exercisable with respect to a pro-rata percentage of the Option (determined on a quarterly basis and based on the number of completed quarters that have elapsed from the most recent vesting date through the date of Termination of Service). 

(iii) In the event of Participant’s Termination of Service within six months immediately following a Change in Control (A) by the Company without Cause or (B) by Participant by reason of an Involuntary Termination, the Option shall become vested and exercisable in full. 

3.2 Duration of Exercisability. The installments provided for in the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice are cumulative. Each such installment which becomes vested and exercisable pursuant to the vesting schedule set forth in the Grant Notice shall remain vested and exercisable until it becomes unexercisable under Section 3.3. 

3.3 Expiration of Option. The Option may not be exercised to any extent by anyone after the first to occur of the following events: 

(a) The expiration of seven years from the Grant Date; 

(b) If the Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option and Participant owned (within the meaning of Section 424(d) of the Code), at the time the Option was granted, more than 10% of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of the Company or any “subsidiary corporation” of the Company or any “parent corporation” of the Company (each within the meaning of Section 424 of the Code), the expiration of five years from the Grant Date; 

(c) The expiration of three months from the date of Participant’s Termination of Service for any reason other than Participant’s Termination of Service by reason of Participant’s death, Disability or Retirement; 

(d) The expiration of one year from the date of Participant’s Termination of Service by reason of Participant’s death or Disability; or 

(e) In the case of Participant’s Retirement, the date of expiration set forth in Section 3.3(a). 

3.4 Special Tax Consequences. Participant acknowledges that, to the extent that the aggregate Fair Market Value (determined as of the time the Option is granted) of all shares of Common Stock with respect to which “incentive stock options” (within the meaning of Section 422 of the Code, but without regard to Section 422(d) of the Code) under the Plan, and under all other plans of the Company and any Subsidiary or parent corporation thereof (as defined in Section 424(e) of the Code), including the Option, are exercisable for the first time by Participant in any calendar year exceeds $100,000, the Option and such other options shall be Non-Qualified Stock Options to the extent necessary to comply with the limitations imposed by Section 422(d) of the Code. Participant further acknowledges that the rule set forth in the preceding sentence shall be applied by taking the Option and other “incentive stock options” into account in the order in which they were granted, as determined under Section 422(d) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder. Participant further acknowledges that an Option that is an Incentive Stock Option that is exercised more than three months after Participant’s Termination of Service, other than by reason of death or Disability, will be taxed as a non-qualified stock option. 

A-4 

* * *

ARTICLE IV. 

EXERCISE OF OPTION 

4.1 Person Eligible to Exercise. Subject to Section 11.3(a)(iii) of the Plan, and except as provided in Section 5.2(b), during the lifetime of Participant, only Participant may exercise the Option or any portion thereof. After the death of Participant, any exercisable portion of the Option may, prior to the time when the Option becomes unexercisable under Section 3.3, be exercised by Participant’s personal representative or by any person empowered to do so under the deceased Participant’s will or under the then applicable laws of descent and distribution. 

4.2 Partial Exercise. Any exercisable portion of the Option or the entire Option, if then wholly exercisable, may be exercised in whole or in part at any time prior to the time when the Option or portion thereof becomes unexercisable under Section 3.3. 

4.3 Manner of Exercise. The Option, or any exercisable portion thereof, may be exercised solely by delivery to the Secretary of the Company (or any third-party administrator or other person or entity designated by the Company) of all of the following prior to the time when the Option or such portion thereof becomes unexercisable under Section 3.3: 

(a) A notice of exercise in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B (or such other form as may be specified by the Administrator from time to time) stating that the Option or portion thereof is thereby exercised, such notice complying with all applicable rules established by the Administrator; 

(b) The receipt by the Company of full payment for the shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Option or portion thereof is exercised, including payment of any applicable withholding tax, which may be in one or more of the forms of consideration permitted under Section 4.4; 

(c) Such representations and documents as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable to effect compliance with all applicable provisions of the Securities Act and any other federal, state or foreign securities laws or regulations; and 

(d) In the event the Option or portion thereof shall be exercised pursuant to Section 4.1 by any person or persons other than Participant, appropriate proof of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Option. 

Notwithstanding any of the foregoing, the Company shall have the right to specify all conditions of the manner of exercise, which conditions may vary by country and which may be subject to change from time to time. 

4.4 Method of Payment. Payment of the exercise price, and any applicable withholding tax, shall be by any of the following, or a combination thereof, at the election of Participant: 

(a) Cash; 

(b) Check; 

(c) Broker-Assisted Cashless Exercise. With the consent of the Administrator, delivery of a notice that Participant has placed a market sell order with a broker with respect to shares of Common Stock then issuable upon exercise of the Option, and that the broker has been directed to pay a sufficient portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of the aggregate exercise price, provided that payment of such proceeds is then made to the Company upon settlement of such sale; 

A-5 

* * *

(d) Share Surrender. With the consent of the Administrator, surrender of other shares of Common Stock which (i) in the case of shares of Common Stock acquired from the Company, have been owned by Participant for more than six (6) months on the date of surrender (or such other minimum length of time as the Administrator determines from time to time to be necessary to avoid adverse accounting consequences or violation of any applicable law, rule or regulation), and (ii) have a Fair Market Value on the date of surrender equal to the aggregate exercise price of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Option or portion thereof is being exercised; or 

(e) Net Exercise. With the consent of the Administrator, surrendered shares of Common Stock issuable upon the exercise of the Option having a Fair Market Value on the date of exercise equal to the aggregate exercise price of the shares of Common Stock with respect to which the Option or portion thereof is being exercised. 

4.5 Conditions to Issuance of Stock Certificates. The shares of Common Stock deliverable upon the exercise of the Option, or any portion thereof, may be either previously authorized but unissued shares of Common Stock or issued shares of Common Stock which have then been reacquired by the Company. Such shares of Common Stock shall be fully paid and nonassessable. The Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any shares of Common Stock purchased upon the exercise of the Option or portion thereof prior to fulfillment of all of the following conditions: 

(a) The admission of such shares of Common Stock to listing on all stock exchanges on which such Common Stock is then listed; 

(b) The completion of any registration or other qualification of such shares of Common Stock under any state or federal law or under rulings or regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission or of any other governmental regulatory body, which the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, deem necessary or advisable; 

(c) The obtaining of any approval or other clearance from any state or federal governmental agency which the Administrator shall, in its absolute discretion, determine to be necessary or advisable; and 

(d) The receipt by the Company of full payment for such shares of Common Stock, including payment of any applicable withholding tax, which may be in one or more of the forms of consideration permitted under Section 4.4. 

4.6 Rights as Stockholder. The holder of the Option shall not be, nor have any of the rights or privileges of, a stockholder of the Company in respect of any shares of Common Stock purchasable upon the exercise of any part of the Option unless and until such shares of Common Stock shall have been issued by the Company to such holder (as evidenced by the appropriate entry on the books of the Company or of a duly authorized transfer agent of the Company). No adjustment will be made for a dividend or other right for which the record date is prior to the date the shares of Common Stock are issued, except as provided in Section 13.2 of the Plan. 

ARTICLE V. 

OTHER PROVISIONS 

5.1 Administration. The Administrator shall have the power to interpret the Plan and this Agreement and to adopt such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are consistent therewith and to interpret, amend or revoke any such rules. All actions taken and all interpretations and determinations made by the Administrator in good faith shall be final and binding upon Participant, the Company and all other interested persons. No member of the Committee or the Board shall be personally liable for any action, determination or interpretation made in good faith with respect to the Plan, this Agreement or the Option. 

A-6 

* * *

5.2 Option Transferability. 

(a) Subject to Section 11.3(a) of the Plan, and except as otherwise set forth in Section 5.2(b), (i) the Option may not be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution, unless and until the shares of Common Stock underlying the Option have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such shares of Common Stock have lapsed; and (ii) neither the Option nor any interest or right therein shall be liable for the debts, contracts or engagements of Participant or his or her successors in interest or shall be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy, attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy), and any attempted disposition thereof shall be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition is permitted by the preceding clause (i). 

(b) Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any Participant who is a director or officer of the Company or a Subsidiary, the Administrator may permit any portion of the Option that is not an Incentive Stock Option to be transferred to, exercised by and paid to certain persons or entities related to such Participant, including but not limited to members of such Participant’s family, charitable institutions or trusts or other entities whose beneficiaries or beneficial owners are members of such Participant’s family and/or charitable institutions, or to such other persons or entities as may be expressly approved by the Administrator, pursuant to such conditions and procedures as the Administrator may establish. Any permitted transfer shall be subject to the condition that the Administrator receive evidence satisfactory to it that the transfer is being made for estate and/or tax planning purposes (or to a “blind trust” in connection with such Participant’s termination of employment or service with the Company or a Subsidiary to assume a position with a governmental, charitable, educational or similar non-profit institution) and on a basis consistent with the Company’s lawful issuance of securities. 

5.3 Adjustments. Participant acknowledges that the Option is subject to modification and termination in certain events as provided in this Agreement and Article 13 of the Plan. 

5.4 Notices. Any notice to be given under the terms of this Agreement to the Company shall be addressed to the Company in care of the Secretary of the Company at the address given beneath the signature of the Company’s authorized officer on the Grant Notice, and any notice to be given to Participant shall be addressed to Participant at the address given beneath Participant’s signature on the Grant Notice. By a notice given pursuant to this Section 5.4, either party may hereafter designate a different address for notices to be given to that party. Any notice required to be given to Participant shall, if Participant is then deceased, be given to the person entitled to exercise his or her Option pursuant to Section 4.1 by written notice under this Section 5.4. Any notice shall be deemed duly given when hand delivered, sent via email, or sent by certified mail (return receipt requested) and deposited (with postage prepaid) in a post office or branch post office regularly maintained by the United States Postal Service. 

5.5 Titles. Titles are provided herein for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 

5.6 Governing Law; Severability. The laws of the State of Delaware shall govern the interpretation, validity, administration, enforcement and performance of the terms of this Agreement regardless of the law that might be applied under principles of conflicts of laws. 

A-7 

* * *

5.7 Conformity to Securities Laws. Participant acknowledges that the Plan and this Agreement are intended to conform to the extent necessary with all provisions of the Securities Act and the Exchange Act and any and all regulations and rules promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission thereunder, and state securities laws and regulations. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Plan shall be administered, and the Option is granted and may be exercised, only in such a manner as to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. To the extent permitted by applicable law, the Plan and this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such laws, rules and regulations. 

5.8 Amendments, Suspension and Termination. To the extent permitted by the Plan, this Agreement may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated at any time or from time to time by the Committee or the Board, provided that, except as may otherwise be provided by the Plan, no amendment, modification, suspension or termination of this Agreement shall adversely affect the Option in any material way without the prior written consent of Participant. 

5.9 Successors and Assigns. The Company may assign any of its rights under this Agreement to single or multiple assignees, and this Agreement shall inure to the benefit of the successors and assignees of the Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth in Section 5.2, this Agreement shall be binding upon Participant and his or her heirs, executors, administrators, successors and assignees. 

5.10 Notification of Disposition. If the Option is designated as an Incentive Stock Option, Participant shall give prompt notice to the Company of any disposition or other transfer of any shares of Common Stock acquired under this Agreement if such disposition or transfer is made (a) within two years after the Grant Date (including the date the Option is modified, extended or renewed for purposes of Section 424(h) of the Code) with respect to such shares of Common Stock or (b) within one year after the issuance or transfer of such shares of Common Stock to Participant. Such notice shall specify the date of such disposition or other transfer and the amount realized, in cash, other property, assumption of indebtedness or other consideration, by Participant in such disposition or other transfer. 

5.11 Limitations Applicable to Section 16 Persons. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if Participant is subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, the Plan, the Option and this Agreement shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including any amendment to Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act) that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by applicable law, this Agreement shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule 

5.12 Not a Contract of Employment or Service. Nothing in this Agreement or in the Plan shall confer upon Participant any right to continue to serve as an Employee, Non-Employee Director, Consultant or other service provider of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries. 

5.13 Entire Agreement. The Plan, the Grant Notice and this Agreement (including all Exhibits thereto) constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

5.14 Section 409A. To the extent applicable, the Plan, this Agreement and the Grant Notice shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A of the Code (together with any Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued thereunder, including without limitation any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the date hereof, “Section 409A”). Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan, this Agreement or the Grant Notice to the contrary, in the event that following the date hereof the Administrator determines that the Option may be subject to 

A-8 

* * *

Section 409A, the Administrator reserves the right to (without any obligation to do so or to indemnify Participant for failure to do so) adopt such amendments to the Plan, this Agreement or the Grant Notice or adopt other policies and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Administrator determines are necessary or appropriate to (a) exempt the Option from Section 409A and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits provided with respect to the Option, or (b) comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of any penalty taxes under such Section. 

A-9 

* * *

EXHIBIT B 

TO 

STOCK OPTION GRANT NOTICE 

EXERCISE NOTICE 

Effective as of today, , 20 , the undersigned (“Participant”) hereby elects to exercise Participant’s option to purchase the number specified below of shares of Common Stock of Verso Paper Corp., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), pursuant to the Verso Paper Corp. 2008 Incentive Award Plan, as amended (the “Plan”), and the Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement dated as of , 20 (respectively, the “Grant Notice” and the “Stock Option Agreement”). Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings given thereto in the Plan and, if not defined in the Plan, in the Stock Option Agreement. 

Grant Date: 

Number of Shares as to which Option is Exercised:  shares

Exercise Price per Share: $

Total Exercise Price: $

Certificate to be Issued in Name of:

Amount of Payment Delivered Herewith: $ (representing the full exercise price for the Shares as well as any applicable withholding tax) 

Form of Payment: (specify cash, check or other method of payment permitted under Section 4.4 of the Stock Option Agreement) 

Type of Option: ¨ Incentive Stock Option x Non-Qualified Stock Option 

Participant acknowledges that Participant has received, read and understood the Plan, the Stock Option Agreement and the Grant Notice. Participant agrees to abide by and be bound by their terms and conditions. Participant understands that Participant may suffer adverse tax consequences as a result of Participant’s purchase or disposition of the Common Stock. Participant represents that Participant has consulted with any tax consultants that Participant deems advisable in connection with the purchase or disposition of the Common Stock and that Participant is not relying on the Company for any tax advice. The Plan, the Stock Option Agreement and the Grant Notice are incorporated herein by reference. This Exercise Notice, the Plan, the Stock Option Agreement and the Grant Notice constitute the entire agreement of the parties and supersede in their entirety all prior undertakings and agreements of the Company and Participant with respect to the subject matter hereof.   
  
SUBMITTED BY PARTICIPANT: ACCEPTED BY VERSO PAPER CORP.:  
Signature:

By:  
  
Print Name:

Print Name:  
  
Title:  
  
Address:

Address: 6775 Lenox Center Court  
  
Suite 400  
Memphis, TN 38115-4436  
  
B-1 
