Exhibit 10.48 



THIS STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT is dated February  , 2006 (this “Agreement”), between the undersigned (“Purchaser”) and Hollis-Eden Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Company”), whereby the parties agree as follows: 

The Purchaser shall buy and the Company agrees to sell the number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock set forth on the Purchaser’s signature pages hereto next to the heading “Shares” (“Shares”) at a price of $6.50 per share for a total subscription amount equal to the amount set forth on the Purchaser’s signature pages hereto next to the heading “Subscription Amount”. The Purchaser shall also receive a warrant, in the form of Exhibit A attached hereto, to purchase up to a number of shares of the Company’s Common Stock (the “Warrant Shares”) equal to 20% of the Shares, at an exercise price equal to $8.75 per share and with a term of exercise equal to four years (the “Warrant”). The Shares, the Warrant and the Warrant Shares (collectively, the “Securities”) have been registered on a registration statement on Form S-3, File No. 333-126458 (the “Registration Statement”), which has been declared effective by the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”), and remains effective as of the date hereof. A final Prospectus Supplement will be delivered as required by law. The Shares, Warrant and Warrant Shares are free of restrictive legends and are free of any resale restrictions. 

ARTICLE I. 

PURCHASER REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

The Purchaser hereby represents and warrants as of the date hereof and as of the date hereof to the Company as follows: 

(a) The Purchaser is a corporation or other legal entity duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the jurisdiction of its incorporation. 

(b) The Purchaser has the requisite corporate (or other entity) power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement and to purchase the Shares in accordance with the terms hereof. The purchase by the Purchaser of the Securities hereunder has been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Purchaser. 

(c) In making its investment decision in this offering, the Purchaser and its advisors, if any, have relied solely on the Company’s public filings as filed with the SEC. 

(d) The Purchaser is purchasing the Shares and Warrant for its own account as principal, and not with a view towards distribution of such securities. 

(e) The Purchaser is not a registered broker-dealer. 

* * *

(f) Other than the transaction contemplated hereunder, the Purchaser has not directly or indirectly, nor has any Person acting on behalf of or pursuant to any understanding with the Purchaser, executed any disposition, including “short sales” as defined in Rule 200 of Regulation SHO under the 1934 Act (the “Short Sales”) (but not including the location and/or reservation of borrowable shares of Common Stock), in the securities of the Company during the period commencing from the earlier of the time that the Purchaser first received a term sheet from the Company or any other Person setting forth the material terms of the transactions contemplated hereunder or the time the Purchaser otherwise first became aware of the proposed transactions contemplated hereunder until the date hereof (“Discussion Time”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Purchaser’s assets, the representation set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. Other than to other Persons party to this Agreement, the Purchaser has maintained the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). 

ARTICLE II. 

WIRE INSTRUCTIONS 

The Purchaser shall wire the purchase amount to the Company to the account set forth below. 

Company Wire Transfer Instructions: 

City National Bank 

4275 Executive Square, Suite 101 

La Jolla, CA 92037 

ABA: 122016066 

Account: 027-359132 

Beneficiary: Hollis-Eden Pharmaceuticals 

The Company shall cause its transfer agent to transmit the Shares electronically to the Purchaser by crediting the account set forth below through the Deposit Withdrawal Agent Commission system and shall deliver the Warrant to the Purchaser within 3 business days of receipt of the funds. The Purchaser’s DWAC Instructions are as set forth on the Purchaser’s signature pages attached hereto under the heading “DWAC Instructions”. 

2 

* * *

ARTICLE III. 

COMPANY REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 

The Company hereby makes the following representations and warranties, agreements and covenants to and with the Purchaser: 

(a) Authorization; Enforcement; No Conflicts. The Company has the requisite corporate power and authority to enter into and to consummate the transactions contemplated by each of the Transaction Documents and otherwise to carry out its obligations hereunder and thereunder. The execution and delivery of each of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by it of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Company and no further consent or action is required by the Company, its Board of Directors or its stockholders. Each of the Transaction Documents has been (or upon delivery will be) duly executed by the Company and is, or when delivered in accordance with the terms hereof, will constitute, the valid and binding obligation of the Company enforceable against the Company in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable (i) bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights generally, or (ii) laws relating to the availability of specific performance, injunctive relief or other equitable remedies. The execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents by the Company and the consummation by the Company of the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby do not and will not: (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the Company’s certificate of incorporation, bylaws or other organizational or charter documents as of the date of execution of this Agreement, or (ii) subject to obtaining the Required Approvals (as defined below), conflict with, or constitute a default (or an event that with notice or lapse of time or both would become a default) under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration or cancellation (with or without notice, lapse of time or both) of, any agreement, credit facility, debt or other instrument (evidencing a Company debt or otherwise) or other understanding to which the Company is a party or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected, or (iii) result in a violation of any law, rule, regulation, order, judgment, injunction, decree or other restriction of any court or governmental authority to which the Company is subject (including federal and state securities laws and regulations), or by which any property or asset of the Company is bound or affected; except in the case of each of clauses (ii) and (iii), such as could not, individually or in the aggregate: (i) adversely affect the legality, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, the Warrant, and any other documents or agreements executed in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder (the “Transaction Documents”), (ii) have or result in a material adverse effect on the results of operations, assets, business operations or financial condition of the Company, taken as a whole, or (iii) adversely impair the Company’s ability to perform fully on a timely basis its obligations under any of the Transaction Documents (any of (i), (ii) or (iii), a “Material Adverse Effect”). 

(b) Filings, Consents and Approvals; Issuance of Securities. The Company is not required to obtain any consent, waiver, authorization or order of, give any notice to, or make any filing or registration with, any court or other federal, state, 

3 

* * *

local or other governmental authority or other Person in connection with the execution, delivery and performance by the Company of the Transaction Documents, other than (i) the filings of a Form 8-K disclosing the transaction contemplated hereby, (ii) the filing with the SEC of the prospectus supplement required by the Registration Statement pursuant to Rule 424(b) under the Securities Act of 1933 Act, as amended (the “1933 Act”) (the “Prospectus Supplement”) supplementing the base prospectus forming part of the Registration Statement (the “Prospectus”), (iii) the application(s) to The Nasdaq National Market (the “Principal Market”) for the listing of the Purchased Shares and the Warrant Shares for trading thereon in the time and manner required thereby, and (iv) applicable Blue Sky filings (collectively, the “Required Approvals”). “Person” means an individual or corporation, partnership, trust, incorporated or unincorporated association, joint venture, limited liability company, joint stock company, government (or an agency or subdivision thereof) or other entity of any kind. The Securities that are being purchased hereunder are duly authorized and, when issued and paid for in accordance with the applicable Transaction Documents, will be duly and validly issued, fully paid and nonassessable, free and clear of all Liens. The Company has reserved from its duly authorized capital stock a sufficient number of Warrant Shares to enable it to comply with its exercise obligations under the Warrants. The issuance by the Company of the Securities has been registered under the 1933 Act and all of the Securities are freely transferable and tradable by the Purchaser without restriction. The Shares and Warrants are being issued pursuant to the Registration Statement and the issuance of the Shares, the Warrants and the Warrant Shares has been registered by the Company under the 1933 Act. The Registration Statement is effective and available for the issuance of the Securities thereunder and the Company has not received any notice that the SEC has issued or intends to issue a stop-order with respect to the Registration Statement or that the SEC otherwise has suspended or withdrawn the effectiveness of the Registration Statement, either temporarily or permanently, or has threatened in writing to do so. The “Plan of Distribution” section under the Registration Statement permits the issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder and under the Warrants. Upon receipt of the Securities, the Purchaser will have good and marketable title to such Securities and the Shares and, so long as the Company’s common stock remains listed on the Principal Market and the Registration Statement is effective and no stop-order has been issued with respect thereto, upon exercise of the Warrants, the Warrant Shares will be freely tradable on the Principal Market. Neither the Company, nor any of its Affiliates, nor any Person acting on its or their behalf has, directly or indirectly, made any offers or sales of any security or solicited any offers to buy any security, under circumstances that would cause this offering of the Securities to be integrated with prior offerings by the Company for purposes of any applicable stockholder approval provisions, including, without limitation, under the rules and regulations of any exchange or automated quotation system on which any of the securities of the Company are listed or designated, nor will the Company take any action or steps that would cause the offering of the Securities to be integrated with other offerings. Except as disclosed in the SEC Reports, the Company has not, in the 12 months preceding the date hereof, received notice from the Principal Market on which the Common Stock is or has been listed or quoted to the effect that the Company is not in compliance with the listing or maintenance requirements of the Principal Market. The Company is, and has no reason to believe that it will not in the foreseeable future 

4 

* * *

continue to be, in compliance with all such listing and maintenance requirements. The issuance and sale of the Securities hereunder does not contravene the rules and regulations of the Principal Market and no stockholder approval is required for the Company to fulfill its obligations under the Transaction Documents. The Common Stock is currently listed on the Principal Market. 

(c) SEC Reports; Financial Statements. The Company has filed all reports required to be filed by it under the 1933 Act and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “1934 Act”), including pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) thereof, for the two (2) years preceding the date hereof (the foregoing materials being collectively referred to herein as the “SEC Reports”) on a timely basis or has received a valid extension of such time of filing and has filed any such SEC Reports prior to the expiration of any such extension. As of their respective dates, the SEC Reports complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, and none of the SEC Reports, when filed, contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Registration Statement and any prospectus included therein, including the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, complied in all material respects with the requirements of the 1933 Act and the 1934 Act and the rules and regulations of the SEC promulgated thereunder, and none of such Registration Statement or any such prospectus, including the Prospectus and the Prospectus Supplement, contain or contained any untrue statement of a material fact or omitted to state a material fact required to be stated therein or necessary in order to make the statements therein, in the case of any prospectus in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. The Company is in compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder by all government and regulatory authorities and agencies, except as could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The financial statements of the Company included in the SEC Reports comply in all material respects with applicable accounting requirements and the rules and regulations of the SEC with respect thereto as in effect at the time of filing. Such financial statements have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applied on a consistent basis during the periods involved (“GAAP”), except as may be otherwise specified in such financial statements or the notes thereto, and fairly present in all material respects the financial position of the Company as of and for the dates thereof and the results of operations and cash flows for the periods then ended, subject, in the case of unaudited statements, to normal, immaterial, year-end audit adjustments. 

(d) Material Changes. Since the date of the latest audited financial statements included within the SEC Reports, except as specifically disclosed in the SEC Reports: (i) there has been no event, occurrence or development that, individually or in the aggregate, has had or that could result in a Material Adverse Effect, (ii) the Company has not incurred any liabilities (contingent or otherwise) other than (A) trade payables and accrued expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice and (B) liabilities not required to be reflected in the Company’s financial statements pursuant to GAAP or required to be disclosed in filings made with the SEC, 

5 

* * *

(iii) the Company has not altered its method of accounting or the identity of its auditors, (iv) the Company has not declared or made any dividend or distribution of cash or other property to its stockholders or purchased, redeemed or made any agreements to purchase or redeem any shares of its capital stock, and (v) the Company has not issued any equity securities to any officer, director or Affiliate, except pursuant to existing Company stock option and purchase plans. “Affiliate” means any Person that, directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls or is controlled by or is under common control with a Person, as such terms are used in and construed under Rule 144. “Rule 144” means Rule 144 promulgated by the SEC pursuant to the 1933 Act, as such Rule may be amended from time to time, or any similar rule or regulation hereafter adopted by the SEC having substantially the same effect as such Rule. 

(e) Litigation. Neither the Company, nor any director or officer thereof, is or has been the subject of any action involving a claim of violation of or liability under federal or state securities laws or a claim of breach of fiduciary duty, or any criminal statute during the term of such director or officer’s tenure with the Company, nor, to the knowledge of the Company, prior to such tenure that is of a nature that would be required to be disclosed in the Company’s SEC Reports pursuant to Item 103 of Regulation S-K with regard to the Company or Item 401 of Regulation S-K with regard to the Company’s officer’s or directors. There has not been, and to the knowledge of the Company, there is not pending or contemplated, any investigation by the SEC involving the Company. The SEC has not issued any stop order or other order suspending the effectiveness of any registration statement filed by the Company under the 1934 Act or the 1933 Act. 

(f) Disclosure. The Company confirms that neither it nor any other Person acting on its behalf has provided the Purchaser or its agents or counsel with any information that the Company believes constitutes, material nonpublic information. The Company understands and confirms that the Purchaser will rely on the foregoing representations in effecting transactions in securities of the Company. All disclosure provided to the Purchaser regarding the Company, its business and the transactions contemplated hereby, furnished by or on behalf of the Company are true and correct and do not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state any material fact necessary in order to make the statements made therein, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading. 

(g) Disclosure of Transactions and Other Material Information. The Company shall, on or before 9:30 a.m., New York City Time, on the Trading Day following the date hereof, issue a press release disclosing all material terms of the transactions contemplated hereby and complying with applicable SEC rules. On or before 5:00 p.m., New York City Time, on the first business day following the execution and delivery of this Agreement, the Company shall file a Current Report on Form 8-K describing the terms of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in the form required by the 1934 Act, and attaching the form of this Agreement and the Warrant as exhibits to such filing (including all attachments, the “8-K Filing”). The Company shall not, and shall cause each of its officers, directors, employees and agents, not to, provide the Purchaser with any material, nonpublic information regarding the 

6 

* * *

Company from and after the filing of the press release referred to in the first sentence of this Section without the express written consent of the Purchaser. Subject to the foregoing, neither the Company nor the Purchaser shall issue any press releases or any other public statements with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby nor shall the Company disclose the name of the Purchaser in any filing, announcement, release or otherwise without the Purchaser’s consent; provided, however, that the Company shall be entitled, without the prior approval of the Purchaser, to make any press release or other public disclosure with respect to such transactions (i) in substantial conformity with the 8-K Filing and contemporaneously therewith and (ii) as is required by applicable law and regulations, including the applicable rules and regulations of the Principal Market. 

(h) Additional Issuances of Securities. From the date hereof through the 30 day anniversary of the date hereof, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, except pursuant to its existing 10b5-1 plans, employee and director stock and stock option plans (provided that the Company shall not permit during such period the establishment of any Rule 10b5-1 plan pursuant to which shares would be sold during such period), and the existing direct stock purchase plan, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition of) any of its equity or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and under any circumstances, convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock or Options or Convertible Securities. From the date hereof through the 45 day anniversary of the date hereof, the Company will not, directly or indirectly, except pursuant to its existing 10b5-1 plans, employee and director stock and stock option plans (provided that the Company shall not permit during such period the establishment of any Rule 10b5-1 plan pursuant to which shares would be sold during such period), and the existing direct stock purchase plan, offer, sell, grant any option to purchase, or otherwise dispose of (or announce any offer, sale, grant or any option to purchase or other disposition of) any of its equity or equity equivalent securities, including without limitation any debt, preferred stock or other instrument or security that is, at any time during its life and under any circumstances, convertible into or exchangeable or exercisable for shares of Common Stock or Options or Convertible Securities, at a price less than $7.25 per share. “Options” means any rights, warrants or options to subscribe for or purchase shares of Common Stock or Convertible Securities. “Convertible Securities” means any stock or securities (other than Options) convertible into or exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Common Stock. 

(i) Acknowledgement Regarding Purchasers’ Trading Activity. Anything in this Agreement or elsewhere herein to the contrary notwithstanding (except for Article IV, Section (a) hereof), it is understood and agreed by the Company (i) that none of the Purchasers have been asked to agree, nor has any Purchaser agreed, to desist from purchasing or selling, long and/or short, securities of the Company, or “derivative” securities based on securities issued by the Company or to hold the Securities for any specified term; (ii) that past or future open market or other transactions by any Purchaser, including Short Sales, and specifically including, without limitation, Short Sales or “derivative” transactions, before or after the closing of this or future private placement 

7 

* * *

transactions, may negatively impact the market price of the Company’s publicly-traded securities; (iii) that any Purchaser, and counter parties in “derivative” transactions to which any the Purchaser is a party, directly or indirectly, presently may have a “short” position in the Common Stock, and (iv) that the Purchaser shall not be deemed to have any affiliation with or control over any arm’s length counter-party in any “derivative” transaction. The Company further understands and acknowledges that (a) one or more Purchasers may engage in hedging activities at various times during the period that the Securities are outstanding, and (b) such hedging activities (if any) could reduce the value of the existing stockholders’ equity interests in the Company at and after the time that the hedging activities are being conducted. The Company acknowledges that such aforementioned hedging activities do not constitute a breach of any of the Transaction Documents. 

(j) Manipulation of Price. The Company has not, and to its knowledge no one acting on its behalf has, (i) taken, directly or indirectly, any action designed to cause or to result in the stabilization or manipulation of the price of any security of the Company to facilitate the sale or resale of any of the Securities, (ii) sold, bid for, purchased, or, paid any compensation for soliciting purchases of, any of the Securities (other than for the placement agent’s placement of the Securities), or (iii) paid or agreed to pay to any person any compensation for soliciting another to purchase any other securities of the Company. 

ARTICLE IV. 

COVENANTS OF THE PARTIES 

(a) Short Sales and Confidentiality. The Purchaser severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers covenants that neither it nor any affiliates acting on its behalf or pursuant to any understanding with it will execute any Short Sales during the period after the Discussion Time and ending at the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced as described in Article III, Section (g). The Purchaser, severally and not jointly with the other Purchasers, covenants that until such time as the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are publicly disclosed by the Company as described in Article III, Section (g), the Purchaser will maintain, the confidentiality of all disclosures made to it in connection with this transaction (including the existence and terms of this transaction). Notwithstanding the foregoing, no Purchaser makes any representation, warranty or covenant hereby that it will not engage in Short Sales in the securities of the Company after the time that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are first publicly announced as described in Article III, Section (g). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of a Purchaser that is a multi-managed investment vehicle whereby separate portfolio managers manage separate portions of the Purchaser’s assets and the portfolio managers have no direct knowledge of the investment decisions made by the portfolio managers managing other portions of the Purchaser’s assets, the covenant set forth above shall only apply with respect to the portion of assets managed by the portfolio manager that made the investment decision to purchase the Securities covered by this Agreement. 

8 

* * *

ARTICLE V. 

MISCELLANEOUS 

(a) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Jury Trial. All questions concerning the construction, validity, enforcement and interpretation of this Agreement shall be governed by the internal laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law or conflict of law provision or rule (whether of the State of New York or any other jurisdictions) that would cause the application of the laws of any jurisdictions other than the State of New York. Each party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts sitting in the State of New York for the adjudication of any dispute hereunder or in connection herewith or with any transaction contemplated hereby or discussed herein, and hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert in any suit, action or proceeding, any claim that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of any such court, that such suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum or that the venue of such suit, action or proceeding is improper. Each party hereby irrevocably waives personal service of process and consents to process being served in any such suit, action or proceeding by mailing a copy thereof to such party at the address for such notices to it under this Agreement and agrees that such service shall constitute good and sufficient service of process and notice thereof. Nothing contained herein shall be deemed to limit in any way any right to serve process in any manner permitted by law. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE, AND AGREES NOT TO REQUEST, A JURY TRIAL FOR THE ADJUDICATION OF ANY DISPUTE HEREUNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY TRANSACTION CONTEMPLATED HEREBY.

(b) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two or more identical counterparts, all of which shall be considered one and the same agreement and shall become effective when counterparts have been signed by each party and delivered to the other party; provided that a facsimile signature shall be considered due execution and shall be binding upon the signatory thereto with the same force and effect as if the signature were an original, not a facsimile signature. 

(c) Entire Agreement; Amendments. This Agreement supersedes all other prior oral or written agreements between the Purchaser, the Company, their affiliates and Persons acting on their behalf with respect to the matters discussed herein, and this Agreement and the instruments referenced herein contain the entire understanding of the parties with respect to the matters covered herein and therein and, except as specifically set forth herein or therein, neither the Company nor any Purchaser makes any representation, warranty, covenant or undertaking with respect to such matters. Neither this Agreement nor any provisions hereof may be amended other than by an instrument in writing signed by the Company and the Purchaser. . No provision hereof may be waived other than by an instrument in writing signed by the party against whom enforcement is sought. 

(d) Notices. Any notices, consents, waivers or other communications required or permitted to be given under the terms of this Agreement must be in writing 

9 

* * *

and will be deemed to have been delivered: (i) upon receipt, when delivered personally; (ii) upon receipt, when sent by facsimile (provided confirmation of transmission is mechanically or electronically generated and kept on file by the sending party); or (iii) one Business Day after deposit with an overnight courier service, in each case properly addressed to the party to receive the same. The addresses and facsimile numbers for such communications shall be: 

If to the Company: 

Hollis-Eden Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

4435 Eastgate Mall, Suite 400 

San Diego, CA 92121 

Attention: Daniel Burgess, C.F.O., and 

Eric J. Loumeau, V.P. and General Counsel 

Tel: (858) 587-9333 

Fax: (858) 558-6470 

With a copy to: 

Cooley Godward LLP

4401 Eastgate Mall 

San Diego, CA 92121 

Attention: Thomas A. Coll, Esq. 

Tel: (858) 550-6013 

Fax: (858) 550-6420 

If to the Purchaser, to its address and facsimile number set forth on the signature page. 

or to such other address and/or facsimile number and/or to the attention of such other Person as the recipient party has specified by written notice given to each other party five (5) days prior to the effectiveness of such change. Written confirmation of receipt (A) given by the recipient of such notice, consent, waiver or other communication, (B) mechanically or electronically generated by the sender’s facsimile machine containing the time, date, recipient facsimile number and an image of the first page of such transmission or (C) provided by an overnight courier service shall be rebuttable evidence of personal service, receipt by facsimile or receipt from an overnight courier service in accordance with clause (i), (ii) or (iii) above, respectively. 

(e) Successors and Assigns. The Company shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (including by merger or consolidation) without the prior written consent of the Purchaser. The Purchaser shall not assign this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder (including by merger or consolidation) without the prior written consent of the Company. 

10 

* * *

(f) No Third Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is intended for the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns, and is not for the benefit of, nor may any provision hereof be enforced by, any other Person. 

(g) Survival. The representations, warranties, agreements and covenants of the Company and the Purchaser contained herein shall survive the delivery and exercise of Securities, as applicable. 

(h) Further Assurances. Each party shall do and perform, or cause to be done and performed, all such further acts and things, and shall execute and deliver all such other agreements, certificates, instruments and documents, as any other party may reasonably request in order to carry out the intent and accomplish the purposes of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby. 

(i) Indemnification. (i) In consideration of the Purchaser’s execution and delivery of the Transaction Documents and acquiring the Securities thereunder and in addition to all of the Company’s other obligations under the Transaction Documents, the Company shall defend, protect, indemnify and hold harmless the Purchaser and each of its partners, members, officers, directors and employees and, each person, if any, who controls the Purchasers (collectively, the “Indemnitees”) from and against any and all actions, causes of action, suits, claims, losses, costs, penalties, fees, liabilities and damages, and expenses in connection therewith (irrespective of whether any such Indemnitee is a party to the action for which indemnification hereunder is sought), and including reasonable attorneys’ fees and disbursements (the “Indemnified Liabilities”), incurred by any Indemnitee as a result of, or arising out of, or relating to (a) any misrepresentation or breach of any representation or warranty made by the Company in the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or thereby, (b) any material breach of any covenant, agreement or obligation of the Company contained in the Transaction Documents or any other certificate, instrument or document contemplated hereby or (c) any cause of action, suit or claim brought or made against such Indemnitee by a non-governmental third party (including for these purposes a derivative action brought on behalf of the Company) and arising out of or resulting from the execution, delivery, performance or enforcement of the Transaction Documents other than as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Purchaser. To the extent that the foregoing undertaking by the Company may be unenforceable for any reason, the Company shall make the maximum contribution to the payment and satisfaction of each of the Indemnified Liabilities which is permissible under applicable law. 

(ii) Promptly after receipt by an Indemnitee under this Section of notice of the commencement of any action or proceeding (including any governmental action or proceeding) involving an Indemnified Liability, such Indemnitee shall, if a claim for indemnification in respect thereof is to be made against any indemnifying party under this Section, deliver to the indemnifying party a written notice of the commencement thereof, and the indemnifying party shall have the right to participate in, and, to the extent the indemnifying party so desires, jointly with any other indemnifying 

11 

* * *

party similarly noticed, to assume control of the defense thereof with counsel mutually satisfactory to the indemnifying party and the Indemnitee; provided, however, that an Indemnitee shall have the right to retain its own counsel at its own expense. The Indemnitee shall cooperate fully with the indemnifying party in connection with any negotiation or defense of any such action or Indemnified Liabilities by the indemnifying party and shall furnish to the indemnifying party all information reasonably available to the Indemnitee that relates to such action or Indemnified Liabilities. The indemnifying party shall keep the Indemnitee fully apprised at all times as to the status of the defense or any settlement negotiations with respect thereto. No indemnifying party shall be liable for any settlement of any action, claim or proceeding effected without its prior written consent, provided, however, that the indemnifying party shall not unreasonably withhold, delay or condition its consent. No indemnifying party shall, without the prior written consent of the Indemnitee, consent to entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement or other compromise which does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to such Indemnitee of a release from all liability in respect to such Indemnified Liabilities or litigation. Following indemnification as provided for hereunder, the indemnifying party shall be subrogated to all rights of the Indemnitee with respect to all third parties, firms or corporations relating to the matter for which indemnification has been made. The failure to deliver written notice to the indemnifying party within a reasonable time of the commencement of any such action shall not relieve such indemnifying party of any liability to the Indemnitee under this Section, except to the extent that the indemnifying party is prejudiced in its ability to defend such action. 

(iii) The indemnification required by this Section shall be made by periodic payments of the amount thereof during the course of the investigation or defense, as and when bills are received or Indemnified Liabilities are incurred. 

(iv) The indemnity agreements contained herein shall be in addition to (i) any cause of action or similar right of the Indemnitee against the indemnifying party or others, and (ii) any liabilities the indemnifying party may be subject to pursuant to the law. 

******************** 

12 

* * *

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Stock Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above.   
  
HOLLIS-EDEN PHARMACEUTICALS, INC.  
  
By:  
  
Name: Eric J. Loumeau  
  
Title: Vice President, General Counsel  
  
[REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK 

SIGNATURE PAGE FOR PURCHASER FOLLOWS] 

13 

* * *

[PURCHASER SIGNATURE PAGES TO HEPH STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have caused this Stock Purchase Agreement to be duly executed by their respective authorized signatories as of the date first indicated above. 

Name of Purchaser: ______________________________________________________________________ 

Signature of Authorized Signatory of Purchaser: _______________________________________________ 

Name of Authorized Signatory: _____________________________________________________________ 

Title of Authorized Signatory: ______________________________________________________________ 

Email Address of Purchaser: _______________________________________________________________ 

Address for Notice of Purchaser: 

DWAC Instructions: 

Subscription Amount: 

Shares: 

Warrant Shares: 

[SIGNATURE PAGES CONTINUE] 

14 
